---
title: Exploring Now Assist in Contract Management
description: With the Now Assist in Contract Management application, you can use the generative AI capabilities to identify the non-standard and missing clauses in contracts, which lead to a quicker and more efficient review process for your organization. You can also save time by reviewing the extracted metadata from the signed contracts and automatically adding the information to the contract repository.
locale: en-US
release: xanadu
product: Contract Management Pro
classification: contract-management-pro
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2024-09-07"
reading_time_minutes: 5
breadcrumb: [Now Assist in Contract Management, Contract Management Pro, Employee Service Management]
---

# Exploring Now Assist in Contract Management

With the Now Assist in Contract Management application, you can use the generative AI capabilities to identify the non-standard and missing clauses in contracts, which lead to a quicker and more efficient review process for your organization. You can also save time by reviewing the extracted metadata from the signed contracts and automatically adding the information to the contract repository.

## Overview of Now Assist in Contract Management

The following generative AI capabilities are available to a contract fulfiller:

-   Extract the metadata from a signed contract to review and add the information to the mapped fields in the contract repository.
-   Analyze the contract documents for non-standard and missing clauses by using the suggestions that are generated by the Now Assist application to minimize deviations and reduce turnaround time.

## Skills

-   **Contract metadata extraction**

    Extracts metadata from a signed contract that is attached in a contract repository record and displays the information on the Document Intelligence interface.

    For more information on activating the skill, see [Configure Now Assist in Contract Management](../task/confg-na-in-cmpro.md). For more information on extracting the metadata from a contract, see [Metadata extraction using Now Assist in Contract Management](cncore-metadata-extract-land.md).

-   **Contract analysis**

    Reviews the contract document for non-standard and missing clauses.

    For more information on activating the skill, see [Configure Now Assist in Contract Management](../task/confg-na-in-cmpro.md). For more information on contract analysis, see [Contract analysis using Now Assist in Contract Management](cncore-NA-review-land.md).


## Now Assist in Contract Management users

<table id="table_ns3_1vj_qcc"><thead><tr><th>

User

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Administrator\[sn\_cm\_gen\_ai.ai\_contract\_admin\]

</td><td>

Provides administrative access to Now Assist in Contract Management.Installs the Now Assist in Contract Management plugin and activates the required skills.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Configurator\[sn\_cm\_gen\_ai.ai\_contract\_config\]

</td><td>

Configures the use-case mappings for the Now Assist in Contract Management application.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Fulfiller\[sn\_cm\_gen\_ai.ai\_contract\_fulfiller\]

</td><td>

Uses the Now Assist in Contract Management capabilities to analyze the contract documents for deviations and to extract the metadata from signed contracts.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Metadata extraction workflow

The following workflow shows how different users work together to configure and extract the metadata from the contract by using the Now Assist in Contract Management application.

1.  The contract AI administrator installs the Now Assist in Contract Management plugin \(sn\_cm\_gen\_ai\).
2.  The administrator activates the Contract metadata extraction skill.
3.  In the system properties, the administrator specifies whether the metadata extraction should be automatically or manually initiated.
4.  In the use-case mappings configuration, the contract AI configurator specifies the tables for the use case and defines the conditions when the use case would be applicable for extracting metadata.
5.  When a signed contract is attached to a contract repository record, a contract manager with the sn\_cm\_gen\_ai.ai\_contract\_fulfiller role initiates the metadata extraction process.

    The system properties can also be configured to automatically initiate the metadata extraction process when the contract repository record is created. For more information, see [Configure system properties for metadata extraction](../task/cncore-conf-sys-prop-na.md).

6.  The contract manager receives a notification when the metadata extraction is successfully completed.

    **Note:** The **Metadata extraction-Completed** notification isn’t active by default.

7.  The contract manager selects the **Review extracted metadata** button to view the extracted information in the DocIntel viewer.
8.  The contract manager submits the verified information to update it in the contract repository.
9.  When the extraction process is completed, the **Extraction results** tab opens on the contract repository record and displays the status of the processed information.

## Contract analysis workflow

The following sample end-to-end workflow shows how different users work together to configure and review the contract by using the Now Assist in Contract Management application.

1.  The contract AI administrator installs the Now Assist in Contract Management application.
2.  The contract AI administrator assigns users to the roles of contract AI fulfiller and contract AI admin.
3.  The contract AI administrator activates the Contract review skill.
4.  The contract AI configurator uses the non-disclosure agreement \(NDA\) playbook as a use case that is already available in the base system.
5.  The contract AI configurator maps the field group to the clause library, maps the field results to the expected responses, and then maps the use case.
6.  The contract AI fulfiller initiates the contract analysis by using the Now Assist in Contract Management application
7.  The Now Assist in Contract Management application analyzes the contract and identifies the non-standard and missing clauses.
8.  The contract AI fulfiller reviews the analysis and takes the action to use or ignore the clauses.
9.  The contract AI fulfiller can also add the missing clauses from the clause library.
10. The contract AI fulfiller completes the review task.

## Now Assist in Contract Management benefits

|Benefit|Key feature|Role|
|-------|-----------|----|
|Automatically extract the key information from the signed contracts and update the contract repository, which improves accuracy and efficiency.|Metadata Extraction|Now Assist contract fulfiller|
|Minimize the deviations and reduce the turnaround time by identifying non-standard and missing clauses from the contract document.|Contract analysis|Now Assist contract fulfiller|

## What to explore next

To learn more about configuring and using the Now Assist in Contract Management application, see the following topics:

-   [Configure Now Assist in Contract Management](../task/confg-na-in-cmpro.md)
-   [Using Now Assist in Contract Management](cncore-use-now-assist-land.md)

