---
title: Using Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture \(EA\)
description: With the Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture \(EA\) application, you can summarize Architectural decision records \(ADR\) and help gather insights into business applications in the Enterprise Architecture Workspace.
locale: en-US
release: australia
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture \(EA\), Enterprise Architecture \(formerly Application Portfolio Management\)]
---

# Using Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture \(EA\)

With the Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture \(EA\) application, you can summarize Architectural decision records \(ADR\) and help gather insights into business applications in the Enterprise Architecture Workspace.

You can use Now LLM Service, Now LLM Long Term Stable models \(LTS\), Azure OpenAI, Google Gemini or Anthropic Claude on AWS as the AI model provider for all Now Assist skills and AI agents. Use the Configuration Controls in [AI Control Tower](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=ai-model-providers&version=australia&pubname=australia-intelligent-experiences&ft:locale=en-US) to define which options are available, then set the skill-level preferences in the [Now Assist Admin console](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=manage-large-language-models&version=australia&pubname=australia-intelligent-experiences&ft:locale=en-US). For more information, see [Large language models on the ServiceNow AI Platform®](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=exploring-large-language-models&version=australia&pubname=australia-intelligent-experiences&ft:locale=en-US).

**Note:** Depending on your license, you will have access to certain application features, generative AI skills, agentic workflows, and AI agents. For more information, see [ServiceNow product tiers](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=ai-native-sku-overview&version=australia&pubname=australia-intelligent-experiences&ft:locale=en-US).

-   **[Generate a summary for Architectural Decision Records \(ADRs\)](../task/summarize-docs-genai-skill-ea.md)**  
Quickly learn the details of the Architectural Decision Records \(ADR\) from the summary that is generated by Now Assist in the Enterprise Architecture Workspace. Minimize the time that you spend in reading large Architectural Decision Records \(ADR\) artifacts that helps you to understand the background of a specific architectural decision by using a summary that is generated by Now Assist.
-   **[Elaborate or shorten content in the Architectural Decision Records \(ADRs\)](../task/elaborate-shorten-content-ew.md)**  
Elaborate or shorten the Architectural Decision Records \(ADR\) content using the Now Assist in the Enterprise Architecture Workspace.
-   **[Generate insights into business applications](../task/generate-insights-into-ba.md)**  
Learn the details of business applications and gather concise and actionable insights on business applications from the summary that is generated by Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture \(EA\). The business application insights are context-aware, that is the summary automatically includes relevant information from the specific page where you generate the insights.
-   **[Compare Enterprise Modeling and Visualization diagrams](../task/compare-modeling-diagrams.md)**  
Compare different versions of Enterprise Modeling and Visualization diagrams and learn the details of the differences from the summary that is generated by Now Assist in the Enterprise Architecture Workspace.
-   **[Elaborate or shorten content in form fields](../task/elaborate-or-shorten-content-form-fields.md)**  
Elaborate or shorten text in the description or reasoning fields in forms using Now Assist in the Enterprise Architecture Workspace. You can also use prompts to generate content for the **Reasoning** field found in **Planned Disposition** section of a business application form.
-   **[Generate insights for Enterprise Architecture Workspace dashboard widgets](../task/generate-insights-ea-dashboard.md)**  
You can use the conversational interface provided by AI Data Explorer Now Assist skill to query and analyze data from Enterprise Architecture Workspace dashboards. Instead of manually reviewing dashboard visualizations, you can use the AI Data Explorer to ask natural language questions to retrieve insights and identify trends.
-   **[Register a business application by using the conversational experience](../task/register-business-application-using-conversational-experience.md)**  
Use the conversational experience of Now Assist in Virtual Agent to register a business application from any application that supports Virtual Agent.
-   **[Register a digital integration by using the conversational experience](../task/register-digital-integration-using-conv-exp.md)**  
Use the conversational experience of Now Assist in Virtual Agent to register a digital integration from any application that supports Virtual Agent.

**Parent Topic:**[Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture \(EA\)](now-assist-ea.md)

