---
title: Generate apps with Now Assist for Creator for ServiceNow Studio
description: Have a conversation with the Now Assist for Creator application to start building applications.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/xanadu/application-development/servicenow-studio-classic/sns-app-gen-using-landing.html
release: xanadu
product: ServiceNow Studio Classic
classification: servicenow-studio-classic
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2024-10-16"
reading_time_minutes: 4
keywords: [app gen, app generation, now assist, application generation, app creation, application creation, servicenow studio, generative ai]
breadcrumb: [Now Assist for app generation in ServiceNow Studio, Using ServiceNow Studio, Building applications with ServiceNow Studio, Developing your application, Building applications]
---

# Generate apps with Now Assist for Creator for ServiceNow Studio

Have a conversation with the Now Assist for Creator application to start building applications.

This video shows you how to perform the following procedure.

Generate application with Now Assist for app gen and ServiceNow Studio. 

## Before you begin

To use app generation, you must activate the skill in Now Assist for Creator. For more information, see [Install Now Assist for app generation in ServiceNow Studio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/xanadu/application-development/servicenow-studio-classic/sns-app-gen-install.md).

Role required: admin and now.assist.creator

**Note:** As of Xanadu Store Release 2, if you have users that only need to edit \(not create\) apps, they can be assigned the delegated\_developer, now\_assist\_panel\_user, and now.assist.creator roles.

## About this task

When app generation is enabled on an instance, the Now Assist icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-ai-sparkle.png"\] Alt text: Now Assist icon.\) appears on the home page banner.

## Procedure

1.  Open the Now Assist panel by navigating to **App Engine** &gt; **ServiceNow Studio** and selecting the Now Assist icon.

    \[Omitted image "app-generation-task-initiation-xsr2.png"\] Alt text: Now Assist highlighted in banner.

2.  In the Now Assist panel, select **Create an app**.

    Now Assist asks you to describe your application.

3.  Summarize your current business process.

    Describe your application's use case so Now Assist understands the purpose of your application. You can be highly detailed if you have a clear idea of what you want. If you don't, start with a broad description. Now Assist narrows down your app's requirements.

    \[Omitted image "app-generation-task-initiation.png"\] Alt text: Initial stage in which Now Assist asks user for the purpose of the application.

4.  Continue the conversation with Now Assist by providing details about how you want the app to work.

    Now Assist asks you questions to understand the data to be collected, the users involved and their permissions, and the desired interface. Your answers help Now Assist create the correct tables, roles, access control lists \(ACLs\), forms, and record producers for your application.

    If you know exactly how you want your app to work, be specific about its functionality. If you don't, interact with Now Assist to determine the correct application requirements. For more information, see [General guidelines for using app generation in ServiceNow Studio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/xanadu/application-development/servicenow-studio-classic/sns-app-gen-guidelines.md).

    When Now Assist collects enough information, it provides a detailed summary of the application requirements.

    \[Omitted image "app-generation-task-conversation.png"\] Alt text: Conversation stage showing the back-and-forth conversation between the user and Now Assist in refining the application requirements.

5.  Review the summary of your application requirements.

    **Note:** Because the information is generated by AI, review the text to make sure it's accurate.

    \[Omitted image "app-generation-task-summary.png"\] Alt text: Summary of the application requirements based on the conversation with the user.

6.  In Xanadu Store Release 2, preview, finalize, and then generate the app.

    1.  If necessary, select **Make changes** to continue editing.

        \[Omitted image "app-generation-task-make-changes-xsr2.png"\] Alt text: Options to preview app, make changes, or discard the app with make changes option highlighted.

        Continue to interact with Now Assist until the summary it produces matches your app's requirements.

    2.  After you're satisfied with the application requirements, select **Preview app**.

        \[Omitted image "app-generation-preview-button.png"\] Alt text: Options to preview app, make changes, or discard the app with preview option highlighted.

        The preview opens and displays a list of app files. Select any of the app files to view details. For example, select a role to see if it grants users create, read, write, or delete permissions. If your app contains a record producer, select it to see what the form and fields look like.

        **Note:** If the Now Assist panel is covering information, select the Now Assist icon \[Omitted image "now-assist-sparkle-icon-dark.png"\] Alt text: to close the panel. Select the icon again to open the panel and continue the conversation.

        When you are finished previewing, select an option:

        -   **Save and open app** generates the app and opens it in ServiceNow Studio for you to review and edit as needed.
        -   **Make changes** enables you to continue the conversation with Now Assist to refine and edit the app. After Now Assist makes any changes you request, the app preview is also updated.
        -   **Discard and start over** deletes the current app and resets the conversation in the Now Assist panel.
        For more information about ServiceNow Studio, see [Building applications with ServiceNow Studio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/xanadu/application-development/servicenow-studio-classic/servicenow-studio-landing.md).


## Result

In Xanadu Store Release 2, use the tools in ServiceNow Studio to add more features and enhance your app further.

-   **[Review the apps generated by Now Assist for Creator in ServiceNow Studio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/xanadu/application-development/servicenow-studio-classic/sns-app-gen-review-apps.md)**  
In Xanadu Store Release 2, use the ServiceNow Studio development environment to verify and modify the application that you created with Now Assist for Creator.
-   **[Edit applications in Now Assist for App generation with ServiceNow Studio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/xanadu/application-development/servicenow-studio-classic/sns-app-gen-edit-apps.md)**  
In Xanadu Store Release 2, use the generative AI capabilities in Now Assist for Creator to edit applications.

**Parent Topic:**[Now Assist for app generation in ServiceNow Studio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/xanadu/application-development/servicenow-studio-classic/sns-now-assist-app-gen-landing.md)

