---
title: Yokohama Sales Customer Relationship Management
locale: en-US
release: yokohama
bundle: omgmt
doc_type: toc
---

# Yokohama Sales Customer Relationship Management

- [Sales Customer Relationship Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-overview.md) -- Learn how you can use the ServiceNow Sales Customer Relationship Management (Sales CRM) applications to manage the product sales life cycle in your organization. Your agents can use these applications to generate pre-sales leads and opportunities, provide sales quotes, capture and fulfill orders, work with contracts and entitlements, and manage the customer order workflow for changes.
  - [Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-exploring.md) -- Whether you're starting or expanding a Sales Customer Relationship Management (Sales CRM) implementation, learn more about its available applications and workflows for pre-sales engagement, order capture and fulfillment, order to cash operations, and post-sales activities in your organization.
    - [Product Catalog Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/product-catalog-managment.md) -- Product Catalog Management enables your organization to manage your product offerings by grouping them into catalogs and categories, which streamlines the ordering process and helps manage leads, opportunities, quotes, and orders in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
    - [Pricing Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/pricing-management.md) -- The Pricing Management application enables your organization to set, manage, and optimize pricing strategies for any Sales Customer Relationship Management solution. These pricing strategies enable your sales team to generate opportunities, quotes, and orders with accurate and competitive pricing quickly.
    - [Product configurator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/product-configurator.md) -- The product configurator is a user interface that is embedded in various Sales Customer Relationship Management applications, such as the Opportunity, Quote, and Order Management applications, enabling agents to configure complex products or services dynamically according to customer requirements.
    - [Lead Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management.md) -- The Lead Management application enables your sales agents and sales development representatives to create leads and nurture them into opportunities.
    - [Opportunity Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management.md) -- The  ServiceNow Opportunity Management application enables your sales agents and account executives to analyze customer needs and generate product recommendations for potential customers.
    - [Sales Forecasting](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/sales-forecasting.md) -- Project your future sales and revenue based on data from opportunities, historical performance, and pipeline analysis using Sales Forecasting. With this application, sales managers can allocate resources effectively, receive constructive feedback, and forecast sales with precision to make informed decisions.
      - [Sales Forecasting terminology](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/sales-forecasting-terminology.md) -- Use the following list of terms to gain an understanding of Sales Forecasting concepts, components, and configuration.
    - [Quote Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management.md) -- Quote Management is an application used to create and manage product and service quotes. Quote Management can be a separate application or part of the Sales Customer Relationship Management (Sales CRM) application.
      - [Quote Management integration with Contract Management Pro](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-int-contracts-pro.md) -- The Quote Management integration with Contract Management Pro is known as Contract Management for Sales and Order Management (com.sn_som_clm).
    - [Sales Agreement Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/sales-agreement-mgmt.md) -- Sales Agreement Management is an application that captures the scope and conditions from a quote for future sales transactions, over a specified period between a buyer and a seller.​
    - [Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-exploring.md) -- Learn more about available features in the Order Management application so that you can create a seamless ordering experience for your enterprise customers.
      - [Order Management data model](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-order-data-model.md) -- The Order Management data model provides a framework that enables you to capture, manage, orchestrate, and fulfill customer orders and external service orders for products and services.
      - [Action types for customer and service order management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-customer-order-types.md) -- Learn how you can take various types of actions for your customer orders. Action types include move, add, change, disconnect, suspension, resume, or no-change of services.
        - [Using suspend and resume actions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-suspend-resume-action.md) -- You can use suspend and resume actions to temporarily suspend or inactivate your product and service inventories. That way, you can capture a customer's suspend request and resume the products and services later.
      - [Staggered decomposition](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/staggered-decomposition.md) -- Learn how you can stagger the decomposition for your customer orders. You can decompose your customer orders in multiple iterations by using the available information at the domain level, rather than decomposing an entire customer order at one time after it is approved for fulfillment.
      - [Order quantity support in Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-quantity-support.md) -- Learn how you can support and fulfill your customer orders for multiple instances of a product or service.. You can create multiple domain orders that equal the order quantity for each instance of the product or service. This way, you can efficiently decompose and manage the fulfillment of your customer orders.
      - [Workflow scenarios](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-scenario.md) -- You can capture, manage, and fulfill the orders from your customers by using APIs, Service Exchange, or direct order capture with the Order Management application.
        - [Enriching an order in Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-enrichment.md) -- As an order agent, capture all the required information for an order before the order approval stage so that there won't be any delay or fallout in the order fulfillment due to missing or incorrect information.
      - [Managing service orders](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/service-mgt-service-order-management.md) -- Use service orders for the activation of new services or for the post-sales requests for the services that were activated for and delivered to customers at earlier dates.
      - [Fallout Management data model](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-fallout-management.md) -- Manage and fix the processing issues that occur during the fulfillment of a customer or service order. With Fallout Management, you can identify the order processing exceptions and create a fallout record to investigate and resolve the underlying processing issue. Fallout Management enables a customer or service order to continue until it's completed.
      - [Inflight change order management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-in-flight-change-order.md) -- By using inflight change order management, you can determine how to manage changes for customer orders that are still being fulfilled. By managing inflight changes, your organization can reduce operational costs and deliver a better customer experience.
      - [Orchestration plans for order fulfillment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/orchestration-plans-for-order-fulfillment.md) -- By using the Orchestration Plan user interface (UI), you can make sure that you do all the tasks that are required to fulfill your customer (product) orders. You can also view the complete order hierarchy, the status of the associated decomposed orders, the order line items, and the order tasks.
      - [Jeopardy Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/jeopardy-management.md) -- Jeopardy Management is a risk assessment tool that monitors fulfillment tasks, assesses the risk level, and alerts fulfillment managers when the assigned task time is in jeopardy.
        - [Jeopardy Management setup overview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/jeopardy-management-setup-overview.md) -- Learn about how to set up and configure Jeopardy Management for Order Management for Telecommunications.
        - [Jeopardy Management use cases](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/jeopardy-management-use-cases.md) -- Jeopardy Management use cases help you explore and understand how Jeopardy Management works in different scenarios in Order Management for Telecommunications.
        - [Jeopardy Management roles and personas](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/jeopardy-management-roles.md) -- Learn more about how the roles and personas in Order Management may change by adopting Jeopardy Management.
      - [Defining a horizontal relationship](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/horizontal-relationships.md) -- By using a compatibility rule, you can define the horizontal relationships between your product, service, and resource specifications.
      - [Asynchronous order processing for large customer and consumer orders](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/asynchronous-order-processing.md) -- If you're an administrator for a communications service provider (CSP), you can support a high volume of enterprise, multi-site customer orders and consumer orders by using asynchronous order processing in the ServiceNow Order Management application.
      - [Managing the orders for a 5G sliced network](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/network-slice.md) -- By using the Order Management application, a communication service provider (CSP) can define the 5G services in the catalog and manage the creation and fulfillment of these orders for a sliced network.
      - [External product inventory ID](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/ext-inventory-id.md) -- You can use a product inventory ID from external Configure, Price, and Quote (CPQ) systems in the Order Management application to complete the order fulfillment flow for various actions on the product and service orders.
    - [Lead-to-Cash Process Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/explore-lead-cash-process-management.md) -- The ServiceNow Lead-to-Cash Process Management application empowers sales teams by providing a consolidated view of all critical sales data and activities.
    - [Customer Engagement Sequences](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/explore-customer-engagement-sequences.md) -- Customer Engagement Sequences is a playbook that consists of a series of automated and manual activities that can be set up to engage with leads and customers at every stage of their relationship with your business​ through various channels.
    - [Business Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-self-service-business-portal.md) -- Support your business-to-business customers by enabling self-service capabilities through the Business Portal to create and manage orders and submit order issues and requests.
    - [Partner Relationship Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/partner-relationship-management.md) -- Learn how the Partner Relationship Management application enables enterprises to hire and engage channel partners to sell their products and services to grow and improve their business.
    - [Return Merchandise Authorization](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/return-merchandise-authorization.md) -- Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) enables the return, replacement, and repair for install base items. It offers simplified processes, decreased turnaround time, and a unified workflow.
  - [Configure](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-configuring.md) -- Set up the Sales Customer Relationship Management (Sales CRM) applications so that your agents can work on various stages of the product sales life cycle, such as sales opportunities, quotes, order capture and fulfillment, contracts and entitlements, and also the basic product catalog and pricing features used by each application.
    - [Install and configure Lead Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-lead-management.md) -- Install the Lead Management application, which enables sales agents and sales development representatives to create leads and provide pre-sales product recommendations based on customer needs. You then assign the user roles and configure related features, such as needs analysis and kanban view used in Lead Management.
      - [Install Lead Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/install-lead-management.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can install the Lead Management application. The application includes the demo data and installations that are related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins.
    - [Install and configure Opportunity Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-opportunity-mgmt.md) -- Install the Opportunity Management application, which enables sales agents and account executives to get pre-sales product recommendations based on customer needs. You then assign the user roles and configure related features, such as needs analysis, used in Opportunity Management.
      - [Install Opportunity Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/install-opportunity-management.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can install the Opportunity Management application. The application includes the demo data and installations that are related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins.
      - [Create opportunity stages](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-opportunity-stages.md) -- Create sales cycle stages for an opportunity.
      - [Create a sales cycle for an opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-sales-cycle-types.md) -- Create a sales cycle type for an opportunity.
        - [Associate a sales cycle with the opportunity stage](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-sales-cycle-stages.md) -- Link one or multiple opportunity stages with a sales cycle.
      - [Revise existing opportunities after an upgrade](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/revise-existing-opportunities-post-upgrade.md) -- Run a scheduled job to modify older opportunities so they can support parent-child opportunity line items.
    - [Configure Sales Forecasting](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-sales-forecasting.md) -- Use the Sales Forecasting application to project your future sales volumes and revenue based data from opportunities and pipeline analysis.
      - [Set up a sales team for forecast hierarchy](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/setup-sales-group.md) -- The system administrator can create groups, sales teams, associating them with specific managers. The sales hierarchy determines how the forecast rolls up within your company and how it can be viewed.
      - [Configure Forecast Categories](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-forecast-categories.md) -- Configure the forecast categories in CSM configurable workspace.
      - [Set up forecast schedule](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/setup-forecast-schedule.md) -- Forecast schedule automatically fetches all the opportunities in the system and generates forecast data.
      - [Set up sales quota](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/setup-sales-quota.md) -- Assign quota targets to sales representatives and managers based on their hierarchy, role, and forecast period.
    - [Install and configure Quote Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-quote-management.md) -- Learn how to set up Quote Management so that your sales agents can create and manage customer quotes.
      - [Install Quote Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/installing-quote-management.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can install the Quote Management application. The application includes the demo data and installations that are related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins.
        - [Integrate with Contract Management Pro](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-integrate-contract-management.md) -- With the integration of Quote Management and Contract Management Pro, sales agents can initiate contract requests while finalizing a deal and formalizing agreements between you and your customers.
      - [Configuring quote PDF documents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-configure-pdf-documents.md) -- As a sales operation specialist, you can generate professional-looking PDF templates that present quotes in a standardized format that reflects company branding and logos. You can also set up Docusign to enable signers to sign quotes electronically and send them through email.
        - [Set up PDF document templates](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-mgt-setup-pdf-document-templates.md) -- Sales operation specialists can set up templates for PDF documents in Quote Management.
        - [Configure DocuSign for PDF documents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-mgt-configure-docusign-pdf.md) -- Quote operations specialists can configure PDF documents to work with Docusign to enable customers to sign PDF documents electronically.
        - [Set up PDF document signers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-mgt-configure-pdf-document-signers.md) -- Sales operations specialists can set up signers in Quote Management so that PDF quotes can be sent to either internal and external signers for review and signatures.
    - [Configure Sales Agreement Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-sales-agreement-mgmt.md) -- Use the Sales Agreement Management application to create sales agreements between a buyer and a seller for future transactions.
      - [Components installed with Sales Agreement Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/components-installed-sales-agreement.md) -- Several types of components are installed with activation of the Sales Agreement Management plugins, including tables and user roles.
    - [Install and configure Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-configuring.md) -- Learn how to configure the features and components that you need for customer and service order processing, depending on whether you are a provider or an enterprise customer.
      - [Install Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-install-providers.md) -- You can install the Order Management application (sn_ind_tmt_orm) if you have the admin role. The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
    - [Configuring product offerings and catalogs](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-managing-product-catalogs.md) -- Create product offerings and the associated product catalogs that can be used by Sales Customer Relationship Management agents for pre-sales activities, order capture, and post-sales engagement.
      - [Create a product offering catalog](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-product-catalog.md) -- Catalogs are top level entities in the catalog hierarchy. Catalogs have categories and categories can have sub-categories or product offers.
      - [Create a product offering category](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-product-offering-category.md) -- Define a product offering category used to organize similar product offerings in a catalog. Product categories make it easier for agents to browse and navigate product offerings when creating opportunities, quotes, and orders.
      - [Activate the display of product catalog visuals](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-activate-catalog-visuals.md) -- Turn on the display of product images shown in the product tiles of product catalogs by using the sn_prd_pm.show_product_visuals_on_catalog_ui system property.
      - [Control cascading quantity values in child product offerings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-activate-cascade-quantity.md) -- Control how the quantities for child line items in a product offering for an opportunity, quote, or order are calculated by using the sn_prd_pm.enable_cascade_quantity system property.
      - [Create product offerings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-product-offering.md) -- Create and publish a product offering in Sales Customer Relationship Management. Product offerings represent entities that are orderable from the provider of the catalog and includes pricing information. Once published, product offerings are available to agents as they create leads, opportunities, quotes, and orders.
        - [Create product characteristics and characteristic options](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-product-config-add-characteristics.md) -- Add product characteristics and characteristic options that you can later add to your product offering in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
          - [Add characteristic and characteristic options to a product offering](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/add-characteristics-to-product-offering.md) -- Add characteristic and characteristic options to an existing product offering using the Product Offering Characteristic tab in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
        - [Add product visuals](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-product-config-add-visuals.md) -- Add visuals to your product offering in Sales Customer Relationship Management that let agents easily see what the product looks like.
        - [Add product catalog categories](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-product-config-offering-categories.md) -- Use the Product Offering Categories tab to organize your products in groups in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
        - [Create product offering relationships](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-product-config-offering-relationships.md) -- Create product relationships to bundle products and services together to make ordering more convenient. Product offering relationships drive the order capture experience by letting you group multiple product offerings into bundles. Bundles can also be added to other bundles in relationship groups.
        - [Add related contracts to product offerings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-product-config-related-contracts.md) -- Add related contracts to your product offerings in the Sales Customer Relationship Management application.
        - [Add a unit of measure to a product offering](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-product-config-add-unit-of-measure.md) -- Add a unit of measure (UOM) to a product offering in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
        - [Create a product offering version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-product-config-create-new-version.md) -- Create a version of a product offering when updates are needed to a published offering in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
        - [Create product offering relationship groups](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-product-config-relationship-groups.md) -- Use relationship groups to organize child offer options or relationships into logical groups and set up cardinality rules at the group level in Sales Customer Relationship Management. Groups of product offerings then appear on the product configurator.
        - [Defining transient products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-transient-products.md) -- When you create product offerings and technical specifications, you can identify single-use products and services as transient, to differentiate them from persistent products. Examples of one-time use products include installation or consulting services.
        - [Multiple configurations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/multiple-child-offering-configurations.md) -- As a product catalog admin or manager, when you define a configurable product offering, you can enable agents to add multiple configurations of a child product offering. When agents add multiple configurations, they can change the quantity for each configuration of the offering, define each configuration as a separate line item, and select the appropriate options and characteristics for each configuration.
      - [Setting up versioned specifications and product offerings for Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-product-catalog.md) -- By creating and publishing versioned specifications and product offerings in a product catalog, your customers can order up-to-date versions of the products or services that they require. Your product catalog manager can create versions of the published specifications and product offerings with the required enhancements to support your customer's business, marketing, manufacturing, or operational changes.
      - [Product offer bundling with product specifications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-offer-bundles-with-specs.md) -- Product Catalog Management supports the bundling of product offers that have associated product specifications or specification hierarchies at any level of the bundle.
      - [Product catalog hierarchy visualization](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-catalog-hierarchy.md) -- As a product catalog admin or manager, you can view the complete hierarchy of a product offering and any associated specifications (product, service, and resource). Use these views to verify that all entities have been defined and associated correctly.
      - [Configuring product offer eligibility](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-sales-eligibility.md) -- You can filter the product catalog, offering categories, and product offerings dynamically, to display only the appropriate catalog, categories, and offerings for which a customer is eligible. Your agents see this filtered product information when they're creating opportunities, quotes, and orders.
        - [Create a rule entity filter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-rule-entity-filter.md) -- Create a rule filter for the product entity to be used in a product eligibility matrix. The rule filter defines how the rule is applied, for example to a product catalog, category, or offering.
        - [Define product eligibility rules in a product eligibility matrix](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-define-eligibility-rules.md) -- Define product eligibility rules by using the Product Offering Catalog Eligibility, Product Offering Category Eligibility, or Product Offering Eligibility Matrix.
        - [Use extension points in product eligibility](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/use-ext-points-som-prod-elig.md) -- Use extension points to call custom scripts from external sources that control product eligibility logic used in the Sales Customer Relationship Management (Sales CRM) applications.
      - [Exporting and importing product catalog entities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/export-import-product-catalog-entities.md) -- As a product catalog admin, you can both export and import product catalog entities between ServiceNow instances. For example, you can promote catalog entities from a non-production instance to a production instance. Each process involves a separate set of steps.
        - [Add Code field values to catalog entities after upgrading](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/run-fix-script-sched-job-export.md) -- Add the Code field values for the main product catalog entities. The system uses this field to determine whether the Code field values for an export catalog entity are to be inserted or updated in the target instance.
        - [Export product catalog entities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/export-product-catalog-entities.md) -- Export product catalog entities as a JSON file and save the file to your local download directory so that it can be imported to another ServiceNow instance.
        - [View export job status](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/view-export-job-status.md) -- Check the status of an export job for product catalog or pricing entities to see if it's in progress or completed.
        - [Import product catalog entities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/import-product-catalog-entities.md) -- Import product catalog entities by using the ServiceNow Platform import function.
        - [View import job status](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/view-import-job-status.md) -- Check the status of an import job for product catalog or pricing entities.
      - [Caching in Product Catalog Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/caching-prod-catalog-mgmt.md) -- The Product Catalog Management application uses caching to improve user interface performance when agents access product catalogs and product offerings through the product configurator.
        - [Update a cache in Product Catalog Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-update-cache-catalog-mgmt.md) -- Regenerate the cache associated with product offerings or product offering catalogs after changing the Unit of Measure in a product offering or category-related hierarchies in a product offering catalog.
      - [Configuring needs analysis](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-needs-analysis.md) -- As a product catalog administrator, you can create needs templates, which are questionnaires that agents use to find product offers to add to a lead or opportunity. Questionnaires function as product selection guides. When agents complete a questionnaire based on customer input, they get product recommendations that they can add to a lead or opportunity.
        - [Create a needs-based product offering recommendation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-product-recommendations.md) -- Set the product offering to be used as a product recommendation for a needs template.
        - [Create a decision tree for a needs template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-needs-decision-tree.md) -- Create a decision tree that defines the questions that agents answer to determine customer needs and get product recommendations.
        - [Build a needs decision tree](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/build-needs-decision-tree.md) -- Define the decision tree question nodes, decision paths, and guidance for each decision path using Decision Tree Builder.
        - [Create a needs template and set the catalog relationship](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-publish-needs-template.md) -- Define a needs template for a decision tree and associate the template with the product catalog to which it belongs.
      - [Configuring product offering recommendations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-offer-recommendations.md) -- As a product catalog admin or manager, you can create product offering recommendations that agents can use to upsell or cross-sell additional products in quotes.
        - [Create a product offering recommendation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-offer-recommendation.md) -- Create product offering recommendations that can be used by your sales agents to upsell or cross-sell additional products in quotes.
    - [Configuring product pricing](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-managing-product-pricing.md) -- Use the Pricing Management application to create the price lists and price list lines, define pricing adjustments, and manage other features that control pricing for product offerings. Product pricing is used by your sales and order agents when creating opportunities, quotes, and sales orders in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
      - [Configurable pricing plans](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-pricing-plan.md) -- Pricing Management provides a default pricing plan that defines the sequence of steps in which pricing calculations and adjustments are applied to determine final product prices.
        - [Create a configurable pricing plan](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-custom-pricing-plan.md) -- Create a configurable pricing plan by copying the default pricing plan provided in Pricing Management.
        - [Add or change a pricing plan step](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/add-pricing-step.md) -- Add a pricing plan step to a configurable pricing plan that applies either a pricing matrix or a custom adjustment using the pricing extension point. You can also change certain items in an existing step, such as the sequence or type of matrix used, as well as specify conditions for running the step.
        - [Delete a pricing plan step](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/delete-pricing-plan-step.md) -- Remove a pricing step from a configurable pricing plan when the plan is in the Draft state.
      - [Create and publish a price list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-price-list.md) -- Create a price list that defines the pricing for products and services in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
      - [Create a price list line](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-price-list-line.md) -- Create a price list line and associate it to a product offering.
      - [Copy a price list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/copy-price-list.md) -- Duplicate a published price list and its associated price list lines, attribute adjustments, and decision tables. You can copy a price list, update the pricing in the copied price list if needed, then publish it.
      - [Control the default price list on transaction header or header line](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-control-default-pricelist.md) -- Define the default price list displayed to your sales and order agents on the transaction header or header line by using the Price List Defaulting Matrix.
      - [Create and publish a cost book](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-cost-books.md) -- Create a cost book that defines the unit costs for products and services in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
      - [Create a cost book line](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-cost-book-lines.md) -- Create a cost book line that defines the unit cost for a product offering.
      - [Copy a cost book](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/copy-cost-book.md) -- Duplicate a cost book and its cost book lines.
      - [Control the default cost book on transaction header or header line](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-control-default-costbook.md) -- Set the default cost book displayed to your sales agents on the transaction header or header line for a Sales Customer Relationship Management application by using the Cost Book Defaulting Matrix.
      - [Create and publish a product attribute-based pricing adjustment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-pricing-adjustment.md) -- Create a pricing adjustment for a product offering based on its product characteristics, such as the product size or color. A pricing adjustment can be a markup or markdown percentage, amount, or a pricing override.
      - [Create a non-product attribute pricing adjustment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-nonprod-attrib-adjustment.md) -- Create a pricing adjustment for a product offering based on non-product characteristics, such as billing state or shipping zip code. You use the Standard Price Adjustment Matrix to define the pricing adjustment.
      - [Create pricing adjustments for bundled products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-bundle-adjustment.md) -- Define price adjustments for a product when it is sold as part of a product bundle. You use the Configuration Component Price Adjustment Matrix to set the price adjustments for child product offerings that are bundled under a parent product offering.
      - [Configure volume pricing](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-volume-pricing.md) -- Set volume pricing rules by using the Standard Price Adjustment matrix.
      - [Set properties to control pricing processing](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-set-pricing-properties.md) -- Activate or deactivate system properties that control how pricing features are processed in Sales Customer Relationship Management applications.
      - [Subscription revenue metrics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-subscription-pricing.md) -- Subscription pricing is a pricing model where customers pay a recurring fee for products or services, usually at regular intervals such as monthly or annually. In Sales Customer Relationship Management, various subscription revenue amounts are calculated automatically for opportunities and quotes.
      - [Configuring matrix validation rules](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-rule-validations.md) -- As a product catalog admin or pricing admin, you can manage the system-defined matrix validation rules that automatically check the mandatory rule inputs or outputs in matrix decision tables. You can also define your own custom validations.
        - [Update validation settings in a matrix](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/update-validation-matrix.md) -- Change the rule validation checks for a matrix. These checks run automatically when you save changes made to the matrix decision table.
        - [Create a custom validation definition](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-validation-definition.md) -- Provide a script that validates a context rule input or output in the decision table for a pricing or product eligibility matrix.
      - [Create a matrix version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-matrix-versions.md) -- Create a version of a published price or product eligibility matrix when you need to update the matrix, for example to add or delete a context variable used in the price matrix.
      - [Create a custom context variable](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-context-variable.md) -- Create custom context variables to represent product or non-product characteristics that can be used by pricing admins to apply control different pricing features, such as pricing adjustments, or product catalog admins to set product offering eligibility rules.
      - [Map a custom context variable to a transaction entity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-map-variable.md) -- Associate a custom pricing context variable to a particular transaction entity type in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
      - [Use extension points in Pricing Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/extension-points-som-pricing.md) -- Use extension points to call custom scripts from external sources that control pricing logic used in the Pricing Management feature of the Sales Customer Relationship Management (Sales CRM) applications.
      - [Exporting and importing pricing entities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/export-import-pricing-entities.md) -- As a pricing admin, you can both export and import pricing entities between ServiceNow instances. For example, you can promote pricing entities such as price lists from a non-production instance to a target production instance. Each process involves a separate set of steps.
        - [Export pricing entities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/export-pricing-entities.md) -- Export pricing entities as a JSON file and save the file to your local download directory so that it can be imported to another ServiceNow instance.
        - [Import pricing entities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/import-pricing-entities.md) -- Import pricing entities to a target instance by using the ServiceNow Platform import function.
    - [Configuring agent tools in Sales CRM](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-agent-tools.md) -- The applications in Sales Customer Relationship Management share common features and tools for agents.
      - [Configuring location-based product transactions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/config-location-transaction.md) -- In Sales Customer Relationship Management, agents can create opportunities, quotes, and orders tailored to customer location. These transactions are called location-based product transactions.
        - [Activate location-based transactions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-activate-location-filter.md) -- Turn on location-based transactions for opportunities, quotes, and orders by using the sn_sales_common.enable_location_based_transactions system property.
    - [Setting up the product configurator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/confguring-product-configurator.md) -- Control the product options displayed in the product configurator interface by using the Open State Management API framework.
      - [Open state management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-open-state-management-model.md) -- The open state model is a programmatic framework in the Configuration State Model API, which lets you program variations in product options that appear in the product configurator in Sales Customer Relationship Management. The API framework provides certain states and helper API methods for controlling how nodes in the product configurator user interface are displayed.
      - [Use extension points for open state management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-open-state-configuration.md) -- Control the options displayed in the product configurator by using extension points in Open state management.
    - [Assign user roles in Sales CRM](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-SOM-roles.md) -- The Sales Customer Relationship Management (Sales CRM) applications use roles to control access to features and capabilities. Roles also determine access to information for data security, identify users, and define the work that users perform in your organization.
    - [Configuring the Business Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-management-configure-business-portal.md) -- Admins can configure the Business Portal (sn_b2b_portal) so that customer can browse products and create orders in Sales Customer Relationship Management.
      - [Enable the Business Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-management-enable-business-portal.md) -- Admins can enable the Business Portal (sn_b2b_portal) so customers can browse products and create orders.
      - [Post-upgrade order migration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/post-upgrade-task-business-portal.md) -- Migrate draft proxy order carts to the new sales cart to avoid having your customers lose products they added to their carts on the Business Portal
      - [Install Sales Cart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/install-sales-cart-plugin.md) -- You can install the Sales Cart plugin (sn_sales_cart) if you have the admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
      - [Add a logo to the sales cart PDF](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/add-logo-sales-cart-pdf.md) -- Customize and embed your company logo in sales cart summary PDFs to ensure consistent branding and alignment with corporate identity standards.
      - [Data retention policies for Sales Cart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/modify-data-retention-table-cleanup-sales-cart.md) -- A default data retention and table cleanup policy automatically deletes records from the Sales Cart application based on predefined conditions. You can modify these conditions to match your organization's policies.
      - [Modify terms and conditions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/modify-terms-conditions-sales-cart.md) -- Add order checkout terms and conditions in the CartTermsAndCo document template block for your Business Portal.
      - [Installing apps for order case management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/activating-self-service-order-case-management-business-portal.md) -- Install the necessary plugins based on the self-service options that you want to offer customers for managing order cases on the Business Portal.
        - [Install Order Case Self Service](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/install-order-case-self-service.md) -- You can install the Order Case Self Service application (sn_ord_case_ss) if you have the admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:
        - [Install Order Case Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/install-order-case-playbook.md) -- You can install the Order Case Playbook application (sn_ord_case_pb) if you have the admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:
    - [Configure Partner Relationship Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-partner-relationship-management.md) -- Install the PRM (com.snc.partner_relationship_management) application from ServiceNow Store to enable enterprises to hire partners and improve their sales cycles.
      - [Install Partner Relationship Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/install-partner-relationship-management.md) -- Install the Partner Relationship Management plugin (com.snc.partner_relationship_management), along with the demo data and installations that are related to ServiceNow Store applications and plugins.
      - [Roles and components of Partner Relationship Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/roles-and-components-of-partner-relationship-management.md) -- The Partner Relationship Management application uses roles to provide access to information, identify internal and external users, maintain data security, and establish different types of relationships between enterprises and channel partners.
        - [Add responsibilities to PRM roles](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/add-responsibilities-to-prm-roles.md) -- A responsibility describes a role or function that supports a user. Use responsibility definitions to create relationships between any two partner entities.
      - [Data model for Partner Relationship Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/data-model-for-partner-relationship-management.md) -- The Partner Relationship Management data model provides a framework to map the relationship between channel partners and programs.
        - [Configure Channel Partner table](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-channel-partner-table.md) -- With the Partner Relationship Management application, you can use the channel partner [sn_prm_channel_partner] table to manage and store information related to channel partners.
        - [Configure Partner Program table](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-partner-program-table.md) -- With the Partner Relationship Management application, enable channel partners to participate in structured initiatives designed to drive revenue, enhance market reach, and build customer relationships by using the Partner Program [sn_prm_partner_program] table.
        - [Configure Partner Program Relationship table](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-partner-program-relationship-table.md) -- With the Partner Relationship Management application, you can establish a relationship between channel partners and partner programs.
    - [Configuring Lead-to-Cash Process Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-lead-cash-process-management.md) -- Plan and configure your implementation of Lead-to-Cash Process Management.
      - [Install Lead-to-Cash Process Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/install-lead-cash-process-management.md) -- You can install the Lead-to-Cash Process Management application (app-l2c-cockpit) if you have the admin role. If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
      - [Assign roles to users](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/assign-roles-lead-cash-process-management.md) -- Assign roles to your users so that they can access features, capabilities, and data in the Lead-to-Cash Process Management application.
      - [Set up business objects for sales process records](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-business-object-group-define-entity-relationship.md) -- Create the business objects necessary for sales process managers to create sales process records using these entities.
      - [Customizing the sales process dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/customizing-sales-process-dashboard.md) -- Customizing the number of levels and tile content on the node map enhances clarity and control so sales process managers can focus on relevant data and navigate more easily through complex sales processes.
        - [Customize hierarchical node map levels](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/customize-node-map-levels.md) -- Customize the number of node levels to display in the Lead-to-Cash Process Management hierarchical node map visualization.
        - [Customize details displayed on node map tiles](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/customize-node-map-tiles.md) -- Customize the details displayed on the node map tiles in the Lead-to-Cash Process Management using Decision Tables.
        - [Customize Tasks tab views](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-custom-filters-consolidated-tasks-evam.md) -- Customize the sales entities from which the tasks are displayed, icon and fields that are displayed on each task tile, and create custom options to filter and view consolidated tasks on the sales process dashboard in Lead-to-Cash Process Management using Entity View Action Mapping (EVAM).
      - [Data retention policies for Lead-to-Cash Process Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/modifying-table-cleanup-policy-l2c-process-management.md) -- Modify the default data retention and table cleanup policy for Lead-to-Cash Process Management to match your organizations requirements.
      - [Setting conditions for enabling email access](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/enabling-email-l2c-process-management.md) -- Sales process managers must be granted access to compose emails for the sales entity records that are monitored within a sales process record.
    - [Configuring Customer Engagement Sequences](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-customer-engagement-sequences.md) -- Plan and configure your implementation of Customer Engagement Sequences.
      - [Install Customer Engagement Sequences](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/install-customer-engagement-sequences.md) -- You can install the Customer Engagement Sequences application (com.sn_crm_sequence) if you have the admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
      - [Create a customer engagement sequence](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-customer-engagement-sequence.md) -- Create a customer engagement sequence to guide your sales representatives through engaging with their prospects and customers.
    - [Activate the Return Merchandise Authorization plugin](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/activate-return-merchandise-authorization-plugin.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can activate the RMA Case Management plugin (com.sn_csm_rma_case). The plugin enables you to manage and triage return cases for customer products and services, addressing returns, replacements, and repair use cases.
  - [Using Sales Customer Relationship Management applications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-using.md) -- As agents and managers, you use the CSM Configurable Workspace to complete various tasks when using the Sales Customer Relationship Management applications. From the workspace you can access product catalogs to see the product offerings available in your organization. You can also use the product configurator to add configurable products to opportunities, quotes, and orders, manage sold products and product inventory, and work on MACD orders.
    - [Create multiple configurations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-multiple-child-configs.md) -- Create multiple configurations of a child product offering when you're adding a configurable product to an opportunity, quote, or order. You can then configure the product options and characteristics separately for each offering configuration.
    - [Using Lead Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-using.md) -- Use the Lead Management to create your lead.
      - [Create a lead](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-new-lead.md) -- Create a lead in the Lead Management application by entering the details, such as customer name, sales stage, lead type, score, and source.
      - [Update a lead](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-edit-update.md) -- Edit or update a lead in Lead Management.
      - [Assign a lead](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-assign-lead.md) -- Assign a lead to a sales agent in Lead Management.
      - [Add and view the details of a lead](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-details-tab.md) -- Use the Details tab to add more information about your lead.
      - [Add products to a lead](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-add-product.md) -- Use the Catalog tab in the Lead Management to add products to your lead.
      - [Get product recommendations for leads using needs analysis](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-use-needs-analysis.md) -- Choose a needs template from the product selection guide in the product catalog to get product recommendations for sales leads.
      - [Add line items to a lead](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-use-line-items-tab.md) -- Create a new product line item for your lead by entering the details, such as product offering and quantity.
      - [Add lead tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-use-tasks-tab.md) -- Create lead tasks to follow-up calls, emails, or meetings with your to progress on the lead.
        - [Create appointments for lead tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-create-appointment.md) -- Create appointments with your stakeholders to conduct business discussions for your lead.
      - [Compose emails](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-use-emails-tab.md) -- Create an email to communicate the product information to your customer as per the business requirements.
      - [Manage leads using Kanban view](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-use-kanban-view.md) -- Personalize and manage the leads information that is most relevant to you and your stakeholders using the Kanban view.
      - [Convert a lead into an opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-use-convert-lead.md) -- Convert a lead into an opportunity in Lead Management.
      - [Disqualify a lead](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-disqualify-lead.md) -- Disqualify a lead in Lead Management.
      - [Export leads](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-management-export-leads.md) -- You can export a quote as a JSON file in Lead Management and provide it to a customer.
    - [Using Opportunity Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-mgmt-using.md) -- Use the Opportunity Management application to create your opportunity.
      - [Create an opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-new-opportunity.md) -- Create a new product opportunity in the Opportunity Management application by entering the details, such as account, sales stage, sales cycle type, and deal size.
      - [Add and view the details of an opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-details-tab.md) -- Use the Details tab to add and view information about your opportunity, including the source and competitor.
      - [Add products to an opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-add-prod-oppty.md) -- Add products to your opportunity using the Catalog tab in Opportunity Management.
      - [Get product recommendations for opportunities using needs analysis](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opp-mgmt-use-needs-analysis.md) -- Choose a needs template from the product selection guide in the product catalog to get product recommendations for sales opportunities.
      - [Add line items to an opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-line-items-tab.md) -- Create a new product line item for your opportunity by entering the details, such as product offering and quantity.
      - [Add competitors to an opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-competitors-tab.md) -- Capture competitor details for your opportunity so that you can have winning sales conversations with your customer.
      - [Add opportunity tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-tasks-tab.md) -- Create opportunity tasks to capture additional details of your customer's requirements.
        - [Create appointments](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-create-an-appoinment.md) -- Create appointments with the required stakeholders to move the business discussion forward for your opportunity.
      - [Compose emails](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-emails-tab.md) -- Create an email to communicate to your customer the product information that meets their business requirements or the product demo as required by your customer.
      - [View an existing opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-viewing-an-opportunity.md) -- View an existing opportunity to make changes, such as updating its status or additional details.
      - [Track opportunities using Kanban view](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-kanban-view.md) -- Personalize and manage the opportunities information that is most relevant to you and your stakeholders using the Kanban view.
      - [Export opportunities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-export-opportunities.md) -- You can export an opportunity as a JSON file in Opportunity Management and provide it to a customer. The export opportunity feature in Opportunity Management exports a list of all opportunities.
      - [Create a quote from an opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-create-quote.md) -- Create a quote directly from an opportunity using the Quotes tab.
      - [Create a quote from an opportunity line item](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-create-quote-line-items.md) -- Create a quote from the selected line items in an opportunity record.
      - [Sync quote and opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/synchronise_quote_and_opportunity.md) -- Sync quote information from the quote record to an opportunity record. This keeps the quote data consistent and accurate across both the records and enables sales agents to track revenue from opportunities accurately.
      - [Collaborate with stakeholders by using the sidebar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/opportunity-management-sidebars-teams.md) -- Initiate a discussion with internal and external stakeholders, such as sales agents, solution consultants, and subject matter experts using sidebar integration with Microsoft Teams.
      - [Location-based transactions for Opportunity Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/location_based_transactions_for_opportunity.md) -- Agents can create opportunities and support product configurations and services for different locations.
        - [Use location filter to add opportunity line items](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/use_location_filter_to_add_line_items.md) -- Use the Service location filter in the product catalog to add products (line items) to a location.
        - [Copy opportunity line items to a location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/copy_opportunity_line_items_to_a_location.md) -- Duplicate existing line items to another location using Copy on the Line items tab.
    - [Using Sales Forecasting](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/using-sales-forecasting.md) -- Sales Forecasting uses the current opportunities in the system to predict future opportunity amounts.​ The Opportunity Management application contains the list of opportunities created for the customers and each of these opportunities are in different stages of the sales cycles.
    - [Using Quote Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-mgmt-using.md) -- Use the Quote Management application to build your quote. Quotes can be used for quote generation or sales agreement generation. The interface includes the following tabs to help you create and manage product quotes.
      - [Create a quote](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-new-quote.md) -- Create a quote in Quote Management to start the quote building process.
      - [Add and view details of a quote](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-details-tab.md) -- Use the Details tab to add and view basic information for a quote.
      - [Add products to a quote](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-catalog-tab.md) -- Use the Catalog tab in Quote Management to add products to your quote.
      - [Using product offering recommendations in quotes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/using-prod-recommendations-quote.md) -- As a sales agent, you can use recommended product offerings to upsell or cross-sell additional products in your quotes.
        - [Get additional product offering recommendations for quotes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-get-product-offer.md) -- Get product offering recommendations to upsell or cross-sell additional products in quotes.
      - [Add tasks to a quote](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-tasks.md) -- Create a single or multiple tasks for a quote and assign those to different agents. Tasks are the various actions that agents perform to create a quote.
      - [Create quote versions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-revisions-tab.md) -- Use the Revisions tab to create and view the versions of your quote.
      - [Convert quotes into orders](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-customer-orders-tab.md) -- Use the Customer Order tab to convert a quote into a customer order in Quote Management.
      - [View price adjustment breakdown on a quote line item](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/view-price-adjustment-details-for-quote-lines.md) -- Sales agents can view the price adjustments that were applied to the base price in the price list to reflect discounts, surcharges, or other pricing strategies, and see how the net price was calculated while processing a quote.
      - [Add pricing adjustment to a quote line item](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-add-pricing-adjustment.md) -- Add pricing adjustments to quote line items after the line item is created.
      - [Set contract dates and term](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-add-subscription-pricing.md) -- You can set contract pricing to a quote or quote line items including start and end dates in Quote Management. After the dates are set on the quote header, the new line items will be defaulted to those dates.
      - [Create an order from a quote line item](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-create-order-quote-line.md) -- Create orders from quote line items by using the Create new order UI action.
      - [View and update products using the line items tab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-line-items-tab.md) -- Use the line items tab to review and update products in your quote and to add additional line items.
      - [View and update manual pricing adjustments in quotes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-pricing-adjustments-tab.md) -- Use the Pricing Adjustments tab in Quote Management to view and update manual pricing adjustments made to order line items in your quote.
      - [Initiate a contract request](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-create-contract.md) -- Initiate a contract request from the Quote Management application.
      - [View an existing quote](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-viewing-a-quote.md) -- View existing quotes to update the quote status or make other changes.
      - [Export quotes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-export-quotes.md) -- Export a list of all quotes in Quote Management and provide it to a customer.
      - [Using quotes to generate sales agreements](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-create-sales-agreement.md) -- Agents can use quotes to generate sales agreements that show the product and service lines and other relevant details for the quote.
      - [Apply a sales agreement to a quote in Quote Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-add-sales-agreement-quotes.md) -- Agents can add a sales agreement to a quote while they are building the quote. The sales agreements conditions are then applied to the quote.
      - [Sync a quote with an opportunity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-sync-quote-with-opportunity.md) -- Agents can sync quote information with an opportunity to ensure that information is consistent between both applications in Quote Management.
      - [Add covered products to a quote](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-quote-add-covered-products.md) -- Add a covered product to line items in a quote in Quote Management.
      - [Filter catalogs by location in a quote](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-using-product-location.md) -- Use the location filter on the Catalog tab to filter products by location in Quote Management.
      - [Copy locations for quote line items](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-mgt-copy-quote-item-location.md) -- Use the copy location function to change the location of multiple quote line items in Quote Management.
      - [Create a quote PDF document](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-create-pdf-document.md) -- In Quote Management, sales agents can create a PDF of a quote that can be sent to customers for review and signatures.
      - [View a quote PDF document](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-view-a-quote-document.md) -- Agents can view quote documents in the PDF viewer window. The PDF viewer window has controls that enable agents to manage the PDF.
      - [Use hierarchical list view for quote line items](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/quote-management-view-hierarchical-line-items.md) -- Sales agents can view quote line items as a hierarchical list, which helps to view the parent and child relationship between line items.
    - [Using Sales Agreement Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/sales-agreement-mgmt-using.md) -- Learn how managers, agents, and administrators use the Sales Agreement Management application to generate sales agreements from quotes.
      - [Create a sales agreement](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-new-sales-agreement.md) -- Create a sales agreement from a quote between a buyer and a seller for future transactions.
    - [Using Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/reviewing-approving-fulfilling-orders.md) -- You can manage and fulfill customer orders and service orders in the Order Management application.
      - [Create an order in Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-create-product-order.md) -- Create a product or service order in Order Management.
        - [Add products or services to an order in Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-add-products-services-to-orders.md) -- Once an order is started, add order lines for products or services using the product catalog and product configurator in Order Management.
        - [Add a sales agreement to an order in Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-add-sales-agreement-to-order.md) -- Add a sales agreement to your order. A sales agreement is a contract to order a pre-identified set of products and services for a set price.
        - [Add subscription pricing to an order](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/add-subscription-pricing-to-an-order.md) -- Add contract pricing to an order or order line items including start and end dates in Order Management.
        - [Set up and review product order lines in Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-om-setup-product-order-lines.md) -- Once products and services are added to an order in Order Management, you can set up order lines with order characteristics, pricing adjustments, and other items.
        - [Review and submit a product or service order in Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-om-review-and-submit-product-order.md) -- After adding products and services to your order, review the order line items and submit the order for approval.
        - [Approve a product or service order in Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-om-approve-product-order.md) -- When an order is submitted, the next step is to review the order and approve it. Approved orders are ready to begin the fulfillment process in Order Management.
        - [Updating specification versions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-specification-version-update.md) -- Enterprises frequently create and update new versions of product and service specifications. When these changes occur, it's important to update the existing product specification in ServiceNow. Failure to update the product specifications can lead to difficulties with MACD (Move, Add, Change, Delete) operation when orders enter fulfillment.
          - [Configure update specification versions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-configure-specification-version-update.md) -- Configure specification version updates so that product specification versions can be updated to reflect changes and updates.
          - [Batch update for product specification versions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-configure-specification-version-update-silent-batch-utility.md) -- Use the inventory batch update job to update product specifications when changes occur from one version to another.
          - [View upgrade inventory job status](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-view-upgrade-inventory-job-status.md) -- View the status of a specification upgrade job using the upgrade inventory Job status list form.
        - [Start a move order](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-initiate-move-order.md) -- Start a move order to update product inventory location.
        - [Add covered products to order line items](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-update-covered-products.md) -- Enhance orders by adding covered products such as contracts or entitlements at the order line level.
        - [Filter product catalog by location](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-filter-catalog-by-location.md) -- Agents can filter products in the catalog by using the location function in Order Management. The location filter helps agents be more efficient when creating orders.
        - [Update product locations at the order line level](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-copy-order-line-location.md) -- Agents can use the copy function to update product locations at the order line level Order Management.
        - [Price adjustment breakdown on order lines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/view-price-adjustment-details-order-lines.md) -- Order agents can view the price adjustments that were applied to the base price in the price list to reflect attribute adjustments and any custom adjustments that you added through the pricing plan, and see how the net price was calculated while processing orders.
      - [Managing inflight order changes and cancellation requests](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/inflight-order-change-mgt-overview.md) -- Manage how your organization receives changes for customer orders, service orders or individual line items that are still being orchestrated and fulfilled. By using inflight change order management, you can designate when you permit such changes. You can also assess the impact of the requested changes for an order or order line item, and automatically generate a plan to compensate for them when you approve the revision or cancellation request.
        - [Key inflight order change and cancellation request fields](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/key-inflight-order-change-cancellation-request-fields.md) -- Learn how the ServiceNow AI Platform uses key fields in the Customer Order and Order Line Item forms to track your order changes and cancellation requests. You can see how these fields operate and what information they show you when you revise or request a cancellation of an order, or order line items.
        - [Revise an inflight order or request a cancellation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/revise-inflight-order-request-cancellation.md) -- Revise an inflight order, or order line item, or request a cancellation of a customer order or a service order when a user requests it or your internal personnel determine an order revision or cancellation is necessary.
        - [Review and approve order revisions or cancellations requests](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/review-and-approve-or-decline-order-cancellation-requests.md) -- Review a customer or service order that has a pending revision or cancellation request so that you can make sure that the order is correct and complete. You can also approve the order and order line item revisions or cancellations requests.
      - [Managing order fallout](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/fallout-management-overview.md) -- Learn how Fallout Management enables you to identify, investigate, and resolve order issues so that orders can be processed to completion.
        - [Create automated and manual fallout records](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/creating-automated-manual-fallout-records.md) -- With Fallout Management, a provider can create manual or automated fallout records for specific order tasks so that your orders can continue processing through to completion.
          - [Create a manual fallout record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/creating-automated-manual-fallout-records.md) -- With Fallout Management, a provider can create manual or automated fallout records for specific order tasks so that your orders can continue processing through to completion.
        - [Review a fallout record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/select-order-fallout-records-review.md) -- Review a fallout record to make sure that the detailed information is correct and complete.
          - [Update a fallout record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/select-order-fallout-records-review.md) -- Review a fallout record to make sure that the detailed information is correct and complete.
      - [Reviewing customer accounts](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/reviewing-customer-accounts.md) -- Learn how your order entry and fulfillment agents, managers, and fulfillers can use the 360 View in the Order Management application to get a better perspective about the activity that is associated with a customer's or partner's account.
        - [Review an account using the 360 View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/review-customer-account-360-view.md) -- Review a customer or partner's account by using the 360 View in the Order Management application. You can track the service contracts of your customers or partners. You can also view customer and service orders, cases, products, and equipment to see how you can improve your customer service.
      - [View an order timeline](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/view-order-timelines.md) -- View Gantt chart timelines that display the status of a domain order and order tasks, show dependencies between order tasks, and identify tasks that are in jeopardy.
      - [Monitoring Jeopardy Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/monitoring-jeopardy-management.md) -- Order managers and agents can monitor jeopardy-enabled fulfillment tasks. When a task enters jeopardy, managers can take action to ensure the fulfillment workflow isn’t delayed.
    - [Using Lead-to-Cash Process Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/using-lead-cash-process-management.md) -- Sales process managers can use Lead-to-Cash Process Management to create sales process records and monitor and track sales processes through a consolidated dashboard.
      - [Create a sales process record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-sales-process-record.md) -- Monitor and track sales activities for a customer account by creating a sales process record in Lead-to-Cash Process Management.
      - [Navigating sales process dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/navigating-sales-process-dashboard.md) -- Become familiar with the various elements that make up the sales process dashboard in the Lead-to-Cash Process Management application.
      - [Monitoring and tracking sales activities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/monitor-track-sales-activities.md) -- Monitor and track sales activities for a customer account after you have created a sales process record.
      - [Create task checklists](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-checklists-l2c-process-management.md) -- Create and manage checklists to track progress on completing routine or repetitive tasks and processes such as fulfilling orders.
      - [Add attachments](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/add-attachments-sales-process.md) -- Attach files, documents, or images such as implementation plans, customer-provided specifications, or finalized quotes related to a customer account you're monitoring with a sales process record.
      - [Manage attachments](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/manage-attachments-l2c-process-management.md) -- Rename, download, or delete files, documents, or images such as implementation plans, customer-provided specifications, or finalized quotes related to a customer account you're monitoring with a sales process record.
      - [View and send emails](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/view-send-emails-sales-process.md) -- View consolidated emails for all hard-linked entities monitored within a sales process record and compose emails from the sales process dashboard.
      - [Linking, delinking, and link conversion conditions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/conditions-link-delink-toggle-records.md) -- Several conditions can enable or disable you from linking, delinking, and hard or soft-linking records in Lead-to-Cash Process Management.
      - [Create business process tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-business-process-tasks.md) -- Track tasks for sales process records in Lead-to-Cash Process Management such as the closure of all linked opportunities or generating orders.
    - [Using Customer Engagement Sequences](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/using-customer-engagement-sequences.md) -- Sales representatives view and work on sequence tasks assigned to them using the Customer Engagement Sequences application.
      - [View sequence tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/view-sequence-tasks.md) -- View sequence tasks assigned to you from the CSM Configurable Workspace.
      - [Complete sequence tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/execute-sequence-steps.md) -- Execute predefined sequence steps in your sequence tasks in the CSM Configurable Workspace to engage with your prospective customers.
    - [Using Business Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-business-portal.md) -- Customers can use the Business Portal to browse product catalogs, create product orders, create and view order cases in Order Management.
      - [Access the Business Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-management-access-the-business-portal.md) -- Customers can access the Business Portal from their instance to browse products and create orders.
      - [Create orders with the Business Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-create-an-order-using-customer-portal.md) -- Customers can use the Business Portal to browse products and create orders in Order Management.
      - [View an order with the Business Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-view-order-using-customer-portal.md) -- View orders using the Business Portal in Order Management.
      - [Request updates for one or more orders](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-order-case-for-multiple-orders.md) -- Request changes to the expected order fulfillment date and shipping location for one or more orders or to draw attention to an issue by creating an order case from the Business Portal.
      - [Request updates for items within a single order](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-order-case-specific-order-lines.md) -- Request changes for the expected order fulfillment date, shipping location, or quantity for specific items within an order by creating an order case from the Business Portal.
      - [View order case details](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/view-order-case.md) -- View the list of order cases and their state from the Business Portal.
    - [Using Partner Relationship Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/using-partner-relationship-management.md) -- Install the Partner Relationship Management plugin (com.snc.partner_relationship_management) to enable admins and channel partners to use the self-service Partner portal.
      - [Raise an inquiry on Partner Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/raise-an-inquiry-on-partner-portal.md) -- Raise a query or concern with the enterprise on the Partner Portal.
      - [Register a member on Partner portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/register-a-member-on-partner-portal.md) -- Register a new partner member or transfer existing staff within a partner organization.
  - [Extending Order Management with ServiceNow applications and integrations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-integrating.md) -- You can use various ServiceNow store applications and integrations to further extend the capabilities of Order Management.
    - [Order Management for providers with Service Exchange](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/service-bridge-om-for-providers.md) -- The Service Exchange Order Management for Providers application enables service providers to use Order Management to create product offerings and service specifications that Service Exchange consumers can order from service catalogs in their ServiceNow instances. Order agents and fulfillers can then complete the orders and requests on the provider instance.
      - [Configuring Service Exchange Order Management for Providers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-sb-om.md) -- Configure the Service Exchange Order Management for Providers application, which enables providers to use Order Management to create and fulfill product orders over Service Exchange. Providers publish the product offerings and service specifications as remote catalog items so that consumers can order from the Service Catalog on their own instance.
        - [Install Service Exchange Order Management for Providers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/install-service-bridge-om-providers.md) -- You can install the Service Exchange Order Management for Providers application (sn_sb_pro) if you have the admin role.The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they're not already installed.
        - [Create a product offering for a remote catalog item](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-sb-product-offerings.md) -- Create a product offering in a Service Exchange provider instance. When you publish the product offering, a remote record producer is created for the remote catalog item.
        - [Create a service specification for a remote catalog item](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/create-sb-service-specs.md) -- Create a service specification on a Service Exchange provider instance. When you publish the service specification, a remote record producer creates the remote catalog item for the service specification.
        - [Associate consumer criteria to a remote record producer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/associate-criteria-remote-catalog.md) -- In the provider instance, associate the appropriate consumer criteria to the remote record producer created for a remote catalog item. The consumer criteria determines which consumers are entitled to the catalog item. Service Exchange automatically generates the entitlement records that are replicated to eligible consumer instances.
        - [Activate the remote record producer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/activate-entitlements-sb-consumer.md) -- Activate the remote record producer in a Service Exchange consumer instance.
        - [Retire a remote catalog item](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/retire-product-offer.md) -- Retire a product offering or service specification used in a remote catalog, which automatically retires the corresponding remote record producer. When the remote record producer is retired, the remote catalog item is removed automatically from the service catalog on the consumer instance.
      - [Creating orders from Service Portal catalog items](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/using-sb-consumers.md) -- When consumers use the Service Portal on their instance, they can place orders for catalog items that have bundled product specifications. They can also cancel an order, and review and manage product and service inventory.
    - [Order Management integration with Field Service Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-integrating-fsm.md) -- Provides an integration between the Order Management and the Field Service Management applications. This integration is available to all ServiceNow customers with the Order Management (com.sn_ind_tmt_orm) plugin, Field Service Management Configurable Workspace (com.snc.uib.fsm_agent_workspace) plugin, and Field Service Management (com.snc.work_management) plugin.
      - [Configuring automatic creation of work orders](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/config-auto-creation-work-orders.md) -- You can enable automatic creation of work orders from Order Management for Telecommunications, Media, and Technology to Field Service Management. Work orders are created for domain orders and order tasks. To configure the automatic creation of work orders, configure the decision tables in the decision builder.
        - [Configure work order creation for a domain order](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/config-auto-creation-work-orders.md) -- You can enable automatic creation of work orders from Order Management for Telecommunications, Media, and Technology to Field Service Management. Work orders are created for domain orders and order tasks. To configure the automatic creation of work orders, configure the decision tables in the decision builder.
        - [Configure work order creation for order task](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/config-auto-creation-work-orders.md) -- You can enable automatic creation of work orders from Order Management for Telecommunications, Media, and Technology to Field Service Management. Work orders are created for domain orders and order tasks. To configure the automatic creation of work orders, configure the decision tables in the decision builder.
      - [Synchronization of information between Order Management and Field Service Management - Workflow scenario](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/scenario-synch-omt-fsm.md) -- The integration between Order Management and Field Service Management provides support for the end-to-end order fulfillment process. The following scenario shows the seamless synchronization of data, customer information, status, and other updates between Order Management and Field Service Management.
    - [Order Management integration with Strategic Portfolio Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-integrating-spm.md) -- The Order Management application provides an integration with the ServiceNow Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) application enables project oversight of complex order fulfillment tasks. Use this integration to handle order line items and planned order tasks as projects in SPM.
      - [Configuring the Strategic Portfolio Management integration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configuring-spm-integration.md) -- Configure the Strategic Portfolio Management integration so that order delivery tasks in Order Management can be tracked as planned project tasks in SPM.
        - [Creating project templates and project template tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/creating-project-templates-orders.md) -- You create the project templates and project template tasks that Order Management uses to instantiate projects for order lines and associated domain orders and order tasks.
        - [Setting up project oversight conditions and decision rules](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/setting-up-project-oversight.md) -- As an admin, you create and maintain the conditions and decision rules that determine whether an order item qualifies as a project that can be tracked in Strategic Portfolio Management. You also specify the project template that Order Management uses to create that project for the order item.
          - [Configure project oversight for order lines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-proj-oversight-order-lines.md) -- Specify the conditions and decision rules that qualify an order line for project oversight. You also specify the project template used by Order Management to create the project for the order line.
          - [Configure project oversight for domain orders](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-proj-oversight-domain-orders.md) -- Specify the conditions and decision rules that qualify domain orders for project oversight. You also specify the project template task used by Order Management to create the project for domain orders.
          - [Configure project oversight for order tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-proj-oversight-order-tasks.md) -- Specify the conditions and decision rules that qualify order tasks for project oversight. You also specify the project template task used by Order Management to create the project for order tasks. The project template task defines the project tasks for the order tasks.
          - [Choosing a project template task when duplicates exist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/Determining-correct-project-task-template.md) -- As an admin, when you're configuring the decision rules for domain orders and order tasks, you may find that there are multiple project template tasks with the same Short description. It may be difficult to determine the correct project template task to select.
            - [Verify the sys_id of a project task template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/find-sysid-proj-template-task.md) -- Determine if you're using the correct project task template for domain orders or order tasks by checking the sys_id of the project template task.
        - [Configure field mappings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/configure-project-table-mapping.md) -- Configure the CSM table maps to associate fields in order lines, domain orders, and order tasks to projects in Service Portfolio Management.
        - [Control automatic closure of project tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/control-auto-closure-proj-tasks.md) -- Manage the automatic closure of projects in the SPM integration by using the sn_ind_tmt_orm.project.task.auto.closure system property.
      - [Tracking order tasks and associated projects](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/using-spm-integration.md) -- With the SPM integration, project managers and fulfillment agents or managers can track projects in Strategic Portfolio Management that have associated order tasks in Order Management.
    - [Order Management diagnostics capability](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/order-mgt-integrating-cspm.md) -- Agents can use ServiceNow Order Management diagnostics capability to diagnose and resolve service issues related to order tasks and domain orders.
      - [Diagnose and resolve an order task](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/diagnose-resolve-order-task.md) -- As a customer service agent, review, diagnose, and resolve, and close an order task for the service-related issue experienced by the customer.
      - [Diagnose and resolve a domain order](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/diagnose-resolve-domain-order-task.md) -- As a customer service agent, review, diagnose, and resolve, and close a domain order for the service-related issue experienced by the customer.
  - [Sales Customer Relationship Management reference](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/som-reference.md) -- Reference topics provide additional information about the Sales Customer Relationship Management applications.
    - [Components installed with Sales Cart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/components-installed-with-sales-cart-plugin.md) -- Several types of components are installed with activation of Sales Cart including tables, user roles, and scheduled jobs.
    - [Lead-to-Cash Process Management reference](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/lead-cash-process-management-reference.md) -- Reference topics provide additional information about Lead-to-Cash Process Management.
      - [Components installed with Lead-to-Cash Process Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/components-installed-lead-cash-process-management.md) -- Several types of components are installed with activation of the Lead-to-Cash Process Management plugin, including tables and user roles.
      - [Properties installed with Lead-to-Cash Process Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/properties-installed-lead-cash-process-management.md) -- Properties for Lead-to-Cash Process Management node map visualization.
      - [Components installed with Business Object Core](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/components-installed-business-object-core.md) -- Several types of components are installed with activation of the Business Object Core plugin, including tables and user roles.
    - [Components installed with Customer Engagement Sequences](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/components-installed-customer-engagement-sequences.md) -- Several types of components are installed with activation of the Customer Engagement Sequences plugin, including tables and user roles.
    - [Partner Relationship Management reference](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/partner-relationship-management-reference.md) -- Reference topics provide additional information about Partner Relationship Management.
      - [Member registration form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/member-registration-form.md) -- Use the member registration form on the Partner portal to register members to a partner organization.
      - [General Inquiry form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/general-inquiry-form.md) -- Use the general inquiry form on the Partner portal to raise queries and get in touch with the enterprise.
      - [Channel partner table fields](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/channel-partner-table-fields.md) -- Use the fields on the channel partner [sn_prm_channel_partner] table to manage and store information related to channel partners.
      - [Partner program table fields](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/partner-program-table-fields.md) -- Enable channel partners to participate in structured initiatives designed to drive revenue, enhance market reach, and build customer relationships by using the Partner Program [sn_prm_partner_program] table.
      - [Partner program relationship table fields](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/partner-program-relationship-table-fields.md) -- Establish a relationship between channel partners and partner programs with the Partner Program Relationship [sn_prm_partner_program_relationship] table.
      - [Domain separation for Partner Relationship Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/domain-separation-for-partner-relationship-management.md) -- Domain separation enables you to separate data, processes, and administrative tasks into logical groupings called domains. You can then control several aspects of this separation, including which users can see and access data.
    - [Return Merchandise Authorization Case Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/return-merchandise-authorization-case-management-reference.md) -- Reference topic provides additional information about lists and forms that you can use to configure Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) Case Management.
      - [Return Merchandise Authorization case table fields](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/rma-case-table-fields.md) -- Information about Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) case table fields.
      - [Return Merchandise Authorization case line table fields](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/return-merchandise-authorization-case-line-table-fields.md) -- Information about Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) case line table fields.
      - [Return Merchandise Authorization roles](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/sales-and-order-management/return-merchandise-authorization-roles.md) -- Information about Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) roles.
- [Now Assist for Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/now-assist-order-management.md) -- Use the ServiceNow Now Assist for Order Management to improve agent and customer productivity and efficiency in their respective workflows.
  - [Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/explore-now-assist-for-order-management.md) -- With the Now Assist for Order Management application, you can use generative AI to summarize complex orders involving multiple products, services, and fulfilment tasks for faster, more accurate decision-making and improved customer responsiveness.
  - [Configure](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/now-assist-for-order-management-configuring.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can configure the Now Assist for Order Management application so that your agents can use the generative AI skills in CSM Configurable Workspace and in Platform.
    - [Customize an order](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/customize-order-summarization-skill-now-assist-order-management.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can configure the Now Assist for Order Management application so that your order agent and fulfilment agent can use the generative AI skills in CSM Configurable Workspace and in Platform.
    - [Enable manage order operations agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/enable-manage-order-operations-ai-agent.md) -- Activate and associate the Manage order operations agent on the Business Portal so your customers can use it to submit order cases autonomously using Now Assist.
    - [Create ATP API calls](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/create-atp-api-call.md) -- Create an Available-to-Promise (ATP) API call that enables the manage order operations agent to check product availability and determine the earliest possible delivery date when customers request expedited shipping.
  - [Use](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/now-assist-order-management-using.md) -- Use agents in an agentic workflow or as standalone agents to achieve specific automated outcomes.
    - [Summarize an order](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/now-assist-order-mgmt-summarize-order.md) -- Generate a summary of a complex order for faster, more accurate decision-making and improved customer responsiveness.
    - [AI agents in Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/now-assist-om-ai-agents.md) -- Use AI agents in Order Management to complete sales and order-related tasks autonomously.
      - [Request order changes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/request-order-changes-now-assist.md) -- Request expedited delivery for your order in natural language using the Now Assist Virtual Assistant on Business Portal.
      - [Using the Voice AI agents for Now Assist for Order Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/now-assist-order-mgmt-voice-aiagent.md) -- Use the Voice AI agents to create and manage cases for any order-related issues such as expediting orders with voice calls.
      - [dispute invoice issues now assist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/dispute-invoice-issues-now-assist.md) -- 
      - [dispute invoice issues voice agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/dispute-invoice-issues-voice-agent.md) -- 
      - [resolve invoice case now assist agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/resolve-invoice-case-now-assist-agent.md) -- 
- [Now Assist for SOM](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/now-assist-for-sales-and-order-management-som.md) -- Use the ServiceNow Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) application platform AI capabilities to deliver AI-powered insights and automation to drive faster, smarter sales and order processes.
  - [Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/exploring-now-assist-for-som.md) -- With the Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) application, sales agents can manage the lifecycle of leads by automating outreach, follow-up communications, demo bookings, and handling lead disinterest or opt-outs. It can operate independently or under human supervision, thereby streamlining engagement and demo scheduling.
  - [Configure](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/configure-now-assist-som.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can configure the Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) application so that agents can use the generative AI capabilities in the CSM Configurable Workspace.
  - [Use agentic workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/using-agentic-worklflows-in-lead-management.md) -- Use the Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) AI agent collection to complete tasks autonomously.
    - [Help nurture new leads](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/order-management/help-nurture-new-leads-agentic-workflow.md) -- Use the Help nurture new leads agentic workflow to process the entire lead record process.
