---
title: Configure properties for customer-supplied keys
description: If the Column Level Encryption Enterprise plugin is enabled, you can use system properties to define key padding, ephemeral key pair size, and a key validity period of your customer-supplied keys.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/yokohama/platform-security/customer-supplied-keys.html
release: yokohama
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-01-30"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Using customer supplied keys with Field Encryption Enterprise, Using Field Encryption, Field Encryption, Encryption]
---

# Configure properties for customer-supplied keys

If the Column Level Encryption Enterprise plugin is enabled, you can use system properties to define key padding, ephemeral key pair size, and a key validity period of your customer-supplied keys.

Column Level Encryption Enterprise with Key Management lets you manage the full key lifecycle of your data encryption keys. Optionally, you can securely exchange data encryption keys generated within your environment.

Platform Encryption with Key Management lets you manage the full key life cycle of your data encryption keys. Optionally, you can securely exchange data encryption keys generated within your environment.

## System properties for defining key-pair attributes

When you provide your own key, you must wrap it with the RSA public key. Three properties define the size, padding algorithm, and validity period of the wrapping RSA key pair:

-   **glide.kmf.ephemeral\_key.key\_padding** controls the key padding scheme for the ephemeral key. The default scheme is OAEP SHA256, but SHA1 is also supported.
-   **glide.kmf.ephemeral\_key.key\_size** controls the key size of the ephemeral key pair. The default is 4096 bits, but 2048 bits are also supported.
-   **glide.kmf.ephemeral\_key.key\_validity\_period** defines the period for which the ephemeral key pair is valid. The default value is two hours.

After the data encryption key is imported to the instance, a secure wrapping key protects new module keys on the instance. The wrapping key is an instance key encryption key \(IKEK\) generated by a hardware security module \(HSM\) on SafeNet KeySecure. See [Instance level keys in the Key Management Framework](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/yokohama/platform-security/platform-encryption/instance-level-keys.md) for details in key types.

Continue to [Wrap your customer-supplied key](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/yokohama/platform-security/wrap-customer-supplied-key.md).

-   **[Wrap your customer-supplied key](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/yokohama/platform-security/wrap-customer-supplied-key.md)**  
Wrap the symmetric key to use for encryption with the downloaded public key.
-   **[Configure and upload your customer supplied key](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/yokohama/platform-security/upload-customer-supplied-key.md)**  
You can use your own customer-supplied key instead of using the ServiceNow® system-generated keys.

**Parent Topic:**[Using customer supplied keys with Field Encryption Enterprise](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/yokohama/platform-security/csk-landing.md)

**Parent Topic:**[Using Column Level Encryption](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/yokohama/platform-security/using-column-level-encryption-2.md)

