---
title: Yokohama Telecommunications Service Operations Management
locale: en-US
release: yokohama
bundle: tsom
doc_type: toc
---

# Yokohama Telecommunications Service Operations Management

- [Telecommunications Service Operations Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecommunications-service-operations-management/telecom-service-operations-mgt-overview.md) -- Proactively monitor the health of your networks and services that helps to prevent potential downtime. Streamline your response with ServiceNow Event Management and Metric Intelligence.
  - [Handling the external events using Telecommunications API notification](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecommunications-service-operations-management/telecommunications-api-notification.md) -- Use the Telecommunications API notification to receive the external events that occurring in the customer network system so that you can promptly respond to them in the ServiceNow AI Platform.
    - [Create a topic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecommunications-service-operations-management/create-topic-API-notification.md) -- Create a topic and publish the incoming notifications from the external system to the topic. By creating the topics, subscribers can select the topics to which they want to subscribe.
    - [Create a topic subscription](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecommunications-service-operations-management/create-subscription-api-notification.md) -- Subscribe to the topic in the ServiceNow AI Platform that you want respond to the incoming notification from the external system. By subscribing to the topic, the subscriber receives the notifications based on the topics that you subscribe to.
    - [Activate the endpoint of the Telecommunications Alarm Management Open API connection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecommunications-service-operations-management/activate-endpoint-in-the-telecommunications-alarm-management-open-api.md) -- Activate the endpoint of the Telecommunications Alarm Management Open API connection. By activating the endpoint, you receive the incoming notifications from the external system for the topic that you registered.
    - [Telecommunications API notification user roles](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecommunications-service-operations-management/alarm-management-user-roles.md) -- Administrators can assign user roles to grant access to the API notification database tables. The following standard roles for the Topic [sn_api_notif_mgmt_topic] and Topic Subscription [sn_api_notif_mgmt_subscription] tables are included in the ServiceNow system.
  - [TSOM Visibility](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/tsom-visibility.md) -- The TSOM Visibility solution is built on the foundational principles of ITOM Visibility, leveraging its proven frameworks for discovering and mapping IT resources.
    - [Telecom Discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-discovery-tsom-visibility.md) -- ServiceNow Telecom Discovery (also known as TSOM Discovery) is a specialized solution within the broader ServiceNow ecosystem, designed to cater to the unique needs of telecommunications service providers (CSPs) in discovering and managing their telecom network assets.
      - [Exploring Telecom Discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/exploring-telecom-discovery.md) -- ServiceNow Telecom Discovery solution builds on proven technologies within the ServiceNow platform, leveraging powerful capabilities such as ITOM Visibility and Horizontal Discovery, and the Service Graph Connectors. Each of these components plays a key role in supporting telecom-specific use cases while also maintaining flexibility for general IT/Cloud discovery.
        - [Telecom Discovery using Telecommunications Discovery Patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-discovery-using-telecommunication-discovery-pattern.md) -- The new Telecommunication Discovery Patterns (also known as TSOM Patterns) include patterns for discovering standalone xNFs, enabling the discovery of standalone network elements without a management system, using SNMP, CLI, and NETCONF (roadmap) protocols.
          - [Telecom Router Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-router-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Router discovery pattern to find SNMP-based routers in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow Store.
            - [Classifying xNFs for this Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-router-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Router discovery pattern to find SNMP-based routers in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow Store.
          - [Telecom Cisco 7613 Router Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-cisco7613-router-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Cisco 7613 Router discovery pattern to find SNMP-based Cisco 7613 in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow Store.
            - [Classifying xNFs for this Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-cisco7613-router-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Cisco 7613 Router discovery pattern to find SNMP-based Cisco 7613 in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow Store.
          - [Telecom Juniper MX SSH Router Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-juniper-mx-ssh-router-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Juniper MX SSHRouter discovery pattern to find SNMP and CLI -based Juniper MX Series routers in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow store.
            - [Classifying xNFs for this Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-juniper-mx-ssh-router-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Juniper MX SSHRouter discovery pattern to find SNMP and CLI -based Juniper MX Series routers in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow store.
          - [Telecom Cisco Switch Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-cisco-switch-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Cisco Switch discovery pattern to find SNMP-based Cisco switches in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow Store.
            - [Classifying xNFs for this Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-cisco-switch-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Cisco Switch discovery pattern to find SNMP-based Cisco switches in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow Store.
          - [Telecom Switch Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-switch-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Switch discovery pattern to find SNMP-based Telecom switches in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow Store.
            - [Classifying xNFs for this Pattern](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-switch-pattern.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecom Discovery application uses the Telecom Switch discovery pattern to find SNMP-based Telecom switches in the network. Discovering some of these resources requires updating the Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (TSOM Patterns) from the ServiceNow Store.
          - [Configure Telecommunications Discovery (TSOM) Patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/configuring-telecommunications-discovery-patterns.md) -- This document outlines the dependencies, requirements, and installation steps necessary for setting up Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (also known as TSOM Patterns) in TSOM Visibility in ServiceNow.
            - [Install Horizontal Discovery and Telecommunication Discovery Patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/configuring-telecommunications-discovery-patterns.md) -- This document outlines the dependencies, requirements, and installation steps necessary for setting up Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (also known as TSOM Patterns) in TSOM Visibility in ServiceNow.
            - [TSOM Visibility Installation Disclaimer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/configuring-telecommunications-discovery-patterns.md) -- This document outlines the dependencies, requirements, and installation steps necessary for setting up Telecommunications Discovery Patterns (also known as TSOM Patterns) in TSOM Visibility in ServiceNow.
        - [Telecom Discovery using Service Graph Connectors (SGC)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-discovery-using-service-graph-connector.md) -- Service Graph Connectors are predefined integrations that ingest data into the Configuration Management Database (CMDB) from third-party sources (for example, northbound APIs of EMS/NMS/Controllers, which manage various xNFs) across different network domains, while enabling a structured, telecom-model-aligned view of network resources and services.
          - [Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/service-graph-connector-for-nokia-altiplano.md) -- Use the Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano Access Network SDN Controller to pull in data from the Nokia Altiplano software into your ServiceNow instance using REST APIs.
            - [Import Sets](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/service-graph-connector-for-nokia-altiplano.md) -- Use the Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano Access Network SDN Controller to pull in data from the Nokia Altiplano software into your ServiceNow instance using REST APIs.
            - [Data Mapping](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/service-graph-connector-for-nokia-altiplano.md) -- Use the Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano Access Network SDN Controller to pull in data from the Nokia Altiplano software into your ServiceNow instance using REST APIs.
            - [Special System properties](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/service-graph-connector-for-nokia-altiplano.md) -- Use the Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano Access Network SDN Controller to pull in data from the Nokia Altiplano software into your ServiceNow instance using REST APIs.
            - [Examples of Retrieving Data from Nokia Altiplano via REST API](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/service-graph-connector-for-nokia-altiplano.md) -- Use the Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano Access Network SDN Controller to pull in data from the Nokia Altiplano software into your ServiceNow instance using REST APIs.
          - [Configure Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/configuring-service-graph-connector-nokia-altiplano.md) -- This document explains how to configure the Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano using Guided setup to integrate network resource data from the Nokia Altiplano Access Controller (REST API) into the ServiceNow CMDB. It includes steps for setup, authentication, and scheduling to confirm accurate integration of network data.
            - [Initial Setup procedure](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/configuring-service-graph-connector-nokia-altiplano.md) -- This document explains how to configure the Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano using Guided setup to integrate network resource data from the Nokia Altiplano Access Controller (REST API) into the ServiceNow CMDB. It includes steps for setup, authentication, and scheduling to confirm accurate integration of network data.
            - [Multi-Instance setup](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/configuring-service-graph-connector-nokia-altiplano.md) -- This document explains how to configure the Service Graph Connector for Nokia Altiplano using Guided setup to integrate network resource data from the Nokia Altiplano Access Controller (REST API) into the ServiceNow CMDB. It includes steps for setup, authentication, and scheduling to confirm accurate integration of network data.
    - [Telecom Discrepancy Identification and Reconciliation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/telecom-reconciliation.md) -- Telecom Discrepancy Identification & Reconciliation confirms that ServiceNow’s CMDB/TNI accurately reflects the updated state of the network and remains synchronized with planned or designed inventory resources.
      - [Exploring Telecom Discrepancy Identification and Reconciliation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/exploring-telecom-reconciliation.md) -- Telecom Discrepancy Identification & Reconciliation solution is designed to confirm the accuracy and consistency of network resource data between network systems and inventory management databases, such as CMDB/TNI.
        - [System Properties Affecting Telecom Discrepancy Identification & Reconciliation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/exploring-telecom-reconciliation.md) -- Telecom Discrepancy Identification & Reconciliation solution is designed to confirm the accuracy and consistency of network resource data between network systems and inventory management databases, such as CMDB/TNI.
      - [Configure Telecom Discrepancy Identification and Reconciliation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/configure-telecom-reconciliation.md) -- This guide outlines the steps to configure Telecom Discrepancy Identification & Reconciliation (part of TSOM Visibility) to confirm accurate discovery and resolution of discrepancies in telecom network resources within your ServiceNow CMDB/TNI instance.
        - [Certification Audit Logics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/telecom-service-ops/telecom-visibility/configure-telecom-reconciliation.md) -- This guide outlines the steps to configure Telecom Discrepancy Identification & Reconciliation (part of TSOM Visibility) to confirm accurate discovery and resolution of discrepancies in telecom network resources within your ServiceNow CMDB/TNI instance.
