---
title: Resolution notes generation
description: You can quickly learn the details of how an interaction was resolved by generating and reading the Now Assist resolution notes.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/xanadu/intelligent-experiences/enable-ai-experiences/now-assist-rn-summarization.html
release: xanadu
product: Enable AI Experiences
classification: enable-ai-experiences
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-12-03"
reading_time_minutes: 1
keywords: [Now Assist, Resolution, notes, Now LLM Service, Customer Service Management, CSM, HR Service Delivery, HRSD, IT Service Management, ITSM, Security Operations]
breadcrumb: [Content generation skills, Now Assist skills, Exploring Now Assist, Now Assist, Enable AI experiences]
---

# Resolution notes generation

You can quickly learn the details of how an interaction was resolved by generating and reading the Now Assist resolution notes.

Generating the resolution notes creates a condensed version of the incident's resolution notes that are generated by Now Assist. The generated resolution notes can provide information to other agents who might encounter similar interactions.

**Note:** Now LLM Service is the provider for this Now Assist skill.

You can use the Now Assist icon to perform these actions:

-   Generate resolution notes that are based on the information in the incident.
-   Refine the resolution notes by elaborating or shortening them.

Once the resolution notes are generated, they can be posted by the user closing the ticket. When the notes are posted, they are attributed to the user that reviewed and accepted the AI-generated content.

The following examples show Now Assist generated resolution notes in different products.

\[Omitted image "now-assist-csm-rn-generation.png"\] Alt text: Generated resolution notes in Now Assist for CSM.

\[Omitted image "now-assist-hrsd-rn-generation.png"\] Alt text: Generated resolution notes in Now Assist for HRSD.

\[Omitted image "now-assist-itsm-rn-generation.png"\] Alt text: Generated resolution notes in Now Assist for ITSM.

\[Omitted image "NA-R-notes.png"\] Alt text: Resolution \(Close Notes\) for a security incident

## Generating resolution notes

You can generate resolution notes for the following products.

-   
-   
-   
-   
-   

## Availability

This skill is available in the workflows and products listed below.

<table id="table_r25_vxc_dbchhh"><thead><tr><th>

Workflow

</th><th>

Product

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Technology

</td><td>



 

</td></tr><tr><td>

Customer

</td><td>



 

</td></tr><tr><td>

Employee

</td><td>



</td></tr></tbody>
</table>