---
title: Xanadu Proactive Service Experience Workflows
locale: en-US
release: xanadu
bundle: psew
doc_type: toc
---

# Xanadu Proactive Service Experience Workflows

- [Proactive Service Experience Workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/assurance-workflows.md) -- ServiceNow Proactive Service Experience Workflows provide a way for telecommunications, media, and technology (TMT) service providers to deliver end-to-end support, while understanding customer impact, and offering transparent communication to all parties involved in the support process.
  - [Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/explore-assurance-workflows.md) -- Learn how you can use the Proactive Service Experience Workflows application to automatically initiate workflows that resolve network-initiated incidents and proactively notify impacted customers.
    - [Proactive Service Experience Workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/architecture-assurance-workflows.md) -- There are multiple components that make up the architecture of the Proactive Service Experience Workflows application.
    - [Incident management within SOW](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/service-operations-workspace-proactive.md) -- You can use the Service Operations Workspace application to get an overview of how a network agent can prioritize tasks and resolve incidents.
  - [Configuring Proactive Service Experience Workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/configure-assurance-workflows.md) -- You can configure Proactive Service Experience Workflows so that you can add users to assignment groups. You can also create custom instructions for engineers to guide them in resolving network-initiated issues through automatically provided workflows.
    - [Install Proactive Service Experience Workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/install-assurance-workflows.md) -- If you’re a user with the system administrator role, you can install the Proactive Service Experience Workflows application.
    - [Add users to assignment groups](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/assign-group-taw.md) -- Add users to Proactive Service Experience Workflows assignment groups so that they have the necessary role and can be assigned to resolve network-initiated issues at the appropriate escalation level.
  - [Using Proactive Service Experience Workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/use-assurance-workflows.md) -- By using ServiceNow Proactive Service Experience Workflows, you can help resolve network-initiated incidents and proactively notify impacted customers. This application enhances the Incident Management application for common SD-WAN service issues that are detected by network management systems.
    - [Identify affected accounts](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/psew-identify-act-incident.md) -- An incident record is created when an event management system generates an alert and the affected accounts can be viewed in the Service Operations Workspace.
      - [Create an incident in Proactive Service Experience Workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/create-an-incident-proactive.md) -- Create an incident record in Proactive Service Experience Workflows to document an issue that your customer is facing.
      - [Identify the impact of network issues and create cases from an incident record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/aw-impact-analysis.md) -- Create cases from records so that you can identify and solve network issues for your enterprise customers.
    - [About escalating incidents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/psew-escalate-incident.md) -- An escalation can be triggered when an incident is created with the appropriate category and sub category and the Escalate UI option is triggered within the Service Operations Workspace.
      - [Escalate an incident](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/escalate-incident-aw.md) -- Escalate an incident to continue the investigation and diagnosis of that incident. By escalating an incident, you can ask for help from a more-experienced resource so that the issue is resolved more quickly.
    - [Review customer or partner accounts](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/reviewing-customer-accounts-360.md) -- Learn how your Technical Support teams (e,g. Cloud Ops, Server, or Network operations teams) can use the Operations Account 360 view in the Proactive Service Experience Workflows application to get insight about your customer's or partner's accounts.
      - [Use Operations Account 360 View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/review-customer-account-360-psew.md) -- Review a customer or partner's account by using the Operations Account 360 view provided by the Proactive Service Experience Workflows application inside of Service Operations Workspace. You can track your data and tasks related to customer's or partner's and then take action to improve your delivery of service.
      - [Account 360 Analytics dashboards](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/account-360-analytics-dashboard.md) -- The Analytics dashboards provided by Operations Account 360 view displays charts and summary data on metrics like proactive cases, account escalations, SLAs, channels used, core KPIs, and more.
    - [Auto-creation of cases and updates from incidents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/psew-auto-creation-case.md) -- Cases are created from the incidents.
      - [Setting major case threshold for auto generated cases](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/psew-set-major-case-threshold.md) -- Set the threshold value for major cases generated from incidents in the system properties.
      - [Redirection to the right case type](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/generate-proactive-cases.md) -- Create a proactive case from an incident in the Proactive Service Experience Workflows.
    - [Diagnose and resolve a change request](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/diagnose-resolve-case-change-request.md) -- As a customer service agent, review, diagnose, resolve, and close a change request for the service-related issue experienced by the customer.
    - [Create a case from a change request](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/psew-impact-change.md) -- Create a case from a change request in Proactive Service Experience Workflows so that you can notify your customers about a service outage and its resolution after the change implementation is complete.
    - [Messages in escalation workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/psew-about-msgs.md) -- Multiple messages that are used within the incident escalation flows are available with the base Proactive Service Experience Workflows application.
      - [Customize message files](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/configure-msg-file-taw.md) -- Customize the messages that provide instructions to the network engineers that are working on network-initiated issues for different subcategories, levels of escalation, and personas in Proactive Service Experience Workflows.
    - [Diagnose and resolve an incident](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/diagnose-reslove-incident-psew.md) -- As a customer service agent, review, diagnose, and resolve, and close an incident for the service-related issue experienced by the customer.
    - [Run diagnostics tests for a CI or a service](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/diagnose-resolve-cmdb-ci.md) -- As a customer service agent, review, diagnose, resolve, and close a service case for the service-related issue experienced by the customer.
    - [Handling API notifications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/handling-trouble-ticket-notifications.md) -- Use the Telecommunications API notification to inform third-party systems about the incidents or cases that are created in a reactive or proactive way in the ServiceNow instance. The customer will receive notifications regarding updates on the incident.
      - [Producing outbound API notifications using Hermes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/hermes-stream-connect-kafka-workflow.md) -- Produce an outbound notification from the ServiceNow instance using the Hermes capability. Customers can consume the details of the message from the Kafka environment in their external system.
      - [Using open message bus](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/trouble-ticket-workflow-using-pub-sub-model.md) -- Produce an outbound notification from the ServiceNow instance using the open message bus. Customers can consume the details of the notification from the message bus in their external system.
      - [Using producer framework](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/using-producer-framework-for-trouble-ticket-notification.md) -- The producer framework picks the event from the ServiceNow instance and sends the outbound notification to the external system. You can consume the details of the notification from the messaging service that is installed in your external system.
      - [Deactivate API notification](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/deactivate-trouble-ticket-notification.md) -- Disable the business rules related to the incident and case tables to stop receiving trouble ticket notifications. Customers can disable the business rules if they don't want to leverage the trouble ticket notification capability.
  - [Proactive Service Experience Workflows reference](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/assurance-workflows-reference.md) -- Reference topics provide additional information about Proactive Service Experience Workflows.
    - [Domain separation and Proactive Service Experience Workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/domain-separation-assurance-workflows.md) -- Domain separation is supported for Proactive Service Experience Workflows. With Proactive Service Experience Workflows, you can quickly restore normal service operation when network-initiated incidents occur and proactively identify and notify the customers that are impacted by those incidents. Domain separation enables you to separate data, processes, and administrative tasks into logical groupings called domains. You can control several aspects of this separation, including which users can see and access data.
  - [Technology Product Support Case application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/tech-product-support-case-app.md) -- The Technology Product Support Case application enables technology companies to provide support for digital products and services.
    - [Technology Product Support case type](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/tech-product-support-case-type.md) -- The Technology Product Support case type enables technology companies to provide support for digital products and services.
    - [Technology Product Support record page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/tech-product-support-record-page.md) -- The Technology product support record page provides a simplified case view in CSM Configurable Workspace that enables agents to research and resolve technology cases.
    - [Tech Product Support Case table](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/tech-product-support-case-table.md) -- The Technology Product Support Case application adds the Tech Product Support Case (sn_tech_product_support_case) table.
    - [Technology Product Support Case playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/tech-product-support-playbook.md) -- The Technology Product Support Case playbook provides step-by-step guidance for resolving technology cases.
      - [Stages and activities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/tech-product-support-playbook-stages.md) -- The Technology Product Support Case playbook includes stages and activities that assist agents in researching and resolving technology cases.
    - [Integrating with external systems](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/tech-product-outbound-flow.md) -- In Proactive Service Experience Workflows, you can submit outbound service test run requests to various external systems by integrating the application with the external southbound systems.
    - [Create a technology product case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/create-technology-product-case.md) -- Customers can create a technology product case to report an issue about the service from the Customer Service Portal.
    - [Diagnose and resolve a technology product support case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/product-support-for-technology/diagnose-resolve-hitechcases.md) -- As a customer service agent, review, diagnose, resolve, and close a case for the service-related issue experienced by the customer.
- [Customer Service Problem Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/cspm-landing-page.md) -- Efficiently identify and resolve service problems experienced by the customers with the ServiceNow Customer Service Problem Management (CSPM) application. Technology, media, and telecommunications (TMT) service providers can streamline their service management processes and ensure a seamless experience for their customers by leveraging this application.
  - [Exploring Customer Service Problem Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/explore-spm.md) -- Learn how you, as a service provider, can use the Customer Service Problem Management (CSPM) application to streamline the resolution process for handling service-related problems experienced by your customers.
    - [Customer Service Problem Management data model](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/spm-data-model.md) -- Customer Service Problem Management (CSPM) provides a framework that enables you to follow a structured approach to handle and resolve customer-reported issues. The framework ensures a seamless and satisfactory customer experience.
  - [Configuring Customer Service Problem Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/configuring-spm.md) -- With Customer Service Problem Management (CSPM) define the tests to diagnose the service problems. Implement targeted solutions based on test results to resolve those problems.
    - [Activate Customer Service Problem Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/install-spm.md) -- Activate the Customer Service Problem Management plugin (sn_sprb_mgmt) for Customer Service Problem Management if you have the admin role. If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and activate related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they aren't already installed.
    - [Setting up a test group](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/setting-test-group.md) -- Define tests for a particular service type, product model, or inventory to troubleshoot the service-related problems.
      - [Create a test group](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/create-test-group.md) -- Create a test group to combine various tests that can assist in troubleshooting issues encountered by specific types of services or product models. For instance, grouping a speed test and a ping test together can effectively help in diagnosing internet-related problems.
      - [Associate with a specification](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/define-relationship-test-group-specifications.md) -- Establish a relationship between test groups and their respective specifications or product model to determine the tests that must be executed for a given inventory. This relationship confirms that the appropriate tests are identified and executed based on the defined specifications. Without this association, the system can’t accurately assign the necessary tests for each inventory item.
      - [Publish a test groups](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/publish-test-groups.md) -- Publish the test groups to ensure that agents only see the approved versions of test groups for execution. This also helps maintain consistency and control over both current and future test versions.
    - [Setting up test definitions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/settingup-test-specifications.md) -- Define tests for a particular service type, product model, or inventory to troubleshoot the service-related problems.
      - [Create a test definition](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/create-test-specification.md) -- Create a test definition to define tests that can help troubleshoot a problem encountered by a particular type of service or product model. For example, use a speed test to troubleshoot the internet-related issues.
      - [Define a characteristic for the test definition](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/add-characterisitc-for-test-specification.md) -- Add a characteristic for a test to determine the properties that are required to run and evaluate the test.
      - [Define the relationship between the test definitions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/define-test-spec-relationship.md) -- Define relationships for a test definition to connect and associate it with other test specifications. This process ensures comprehensive testing coverage and that the tests are aligned with the testing goals.
      - [Define the relationship with specifications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/specification-to-test-definition.md) -- Establish a relationship between test definitions and their respective specifications or product model to determine the tests that must be executed for a given inventory. This relationship ensures that the appropriate tests are identified and executed based on the defined specifications. Without this association, the system can’t accurately assign the necessary tests for each inventory item.
      - [Define test measure definitions for a service test](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/define-test-measure-spm.md) -- Define unique test metrics, such as parameters and criteria to run the test on a given service during testing. These metrics help promote that the service meets the desired standards and requirements to provide a satisfactory user experience.
      - [Define threshold rules for a test measure definition](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/define-threshold-rules.md) -- Set rules or criteria to evaluate the results of test measures. These rules establish thresholds that determine the acceptable performance and quality metrics for a service under evaluation. If test measure results exceed or fall below these thresholds, it indicates a deviation from expected performance levels.
      - [Define measure consequences for the threshold rules](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/define-threshold-consequences-spm.md) -- Set actions or responses to trigger when the test measure results fall outside the predefined acceptable limits.
      - [Publish test definitions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/publish-test-specification-spm.md) -- Publish the test definitions to ensure that agents only see the approved versions of test definitions for execution. This also helps maintain consistency and control over both current and future test versions.
    - [Integrating with external systems](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/cspm-integrate-southbound.md) -- If you have a Customer Service Problem Management subscription, you can submit outbound service test run requests to various external systems by integrating the Customer Service Problem Management application with the external southbound systems.
  - [Using Customer Service Problem Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/using-spm.md) -- By using Customer Service Problem Management, you can help diagnose and resolve the service problem cases identified in customer complaints.
    - [Create a service problem case from the workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/create-service-problem-case.md) -- Create a service problem case for a customer raised issue so that an agent can work on it and resolve the service-related problem.
    - [Create a case from Customer Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/create-a-product-case-from-the-customer-service-portal.md) -- Customers can create a service problem case to report an issue about the service from the Customer Service Portal.
    - [Diagnose and resolve a service problem case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/work-on-service-problem-case.md) -- As a customer service agent, review, diagnose, resolve, and close a service problem case for the service-related issue experienced by the customer.
  - [Customer Service Problem Management reference](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/cspm-reference.md) -- Reference topics provide additional information about Customer Service Problem Management.
    - [Components installed with Customer Service Problem Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/spm-components.md) -- Several types of components are installed with activation of the Customer Service Problem Management application, including tables, user roles, and business rules.
    - [Customer Service Problem Management properties](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/cspm-properties.md) -- Customer Service Problem Management uses the following system properties, which are located in the System Properties [sys_properties] table.
    - [Domain Separation and Customer Service Problem Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/proactive-service-exp-workflows/domain-separation-cspm.md) -- Domain separation provides a structured and efficient way to manage complex, multi-tiered organizational environments. It enables tailored access and control, ensuring that users see only the data relevant to their domain, enhancing security and efficiency.
