---
title: Configure general Now Assist settings
description: Configure general settings for all Now Assist applications, including language support, data sharing and processing, and Now Assist Guardian, from the Now Assist Admin console.
locale: en-US
release: yokohama
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-01-30"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Configuring Now Assist settings and features, Now Assist, Enable AI experiences]
---

# Configure general Now Assist settings

Configure general settings for all Now Assist applications, including language support, data sharing and processing, and Now Assist Guardian, from the Now Assist Admin console.

-   **[Configure multilingual service for Now Assist applications](enable-dynamic-translation-for-now-assist-applications.md)**  
Turn on multilingual service for user-entered text with native translation or Dynamic Translation in Now Assist applications.
-   **[Assign the data steward role](assign-data-steward-role.md)**  
Select a data steward to make decisions about data sharing with ServiceNow in Now Assist applications.
-   **[Manage privacy policies](manage-privacy-policies.md)**  
Implement data privacy policies to anonymize sensitive information, including personal identifiers like email addresses and phone numbers, that are submitted in requests to generative AI systems with Data Privacy. This ensures the protection of individual privacy while allowing for insights to be derived from the data in a secure manner.
-   **[Opt out of data sharing for Now Assist](opt-out-of-data-sharing-for-now-assist.md)**  
Data sharing improves ServiceNow AI products. You can opt out of data sharing from the Now Assist Admin console Settings page.
-   **[Configure Now Assist data overflow processing](configure-na-data-overflow.md)**  
Configure where Now Assist data is processed during periods of high traffic.
-   **[Review Now Assist account information](review-now-assist-account-information.md)**  
Review your Now Assist license details on the Account page of the Now Assist Admin console to make sure that you're up to date on what's available to you.
-   **[Activate offensiveness protection for generative AI](activate-offensiveness-protection-for-generative-ai.md)**  
Activate offensiveness detection to log or block offensive content generated by Now Assist skills and workflows.
-   **[Configure prompt injection attack protection](configure-prompt-injection-attack-protection.md)**  
Activate or deactivate prompt injection attack detection to protect all generative AI applications and AI-generated text and conversations.
-   **[Configure sensitive topic filters](configure-sensitive-topic-filters.md)**  
Set up filters in Now Assist Guardian to redirect Virtual Agent users to a live agent or HR case when a sensitive subject is detected in a conversation.
-   **[Export Now Assist Guardian logs](export-now-assist-guardian-logs.md)**  
Export logs from Now Assist Guardian to get insights into how often different guardrails are being detected and used.
-   **[Manage large language models](manage-large-language-models.md)**  
Access and select the LLM \(large language model\) provider used for various Now Assist skills. The selection impacts all the skills within the capability.
-   **[Enable voice input for the Now Assist panel](enable-voice-input-for-now-assist-panel.md)**  
Give users the option to use their voice when interacting with the Now Assist panel to make the panel more accessible. Voice input enables you to use the panel without needing to use a keyboard.

**Parent Topic:**[Configuring Now Assist settings and features](../concept/configuring-na-landing.md)

