---
title: Call a workflow flow logic
description: Run a published and active workflow from your flow. You can use the flow data as a workflow input. For example, you can specify the current record as a workflow input.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-logic-call-workflow.html
release: australia
product: Workflow Studio
classification: workflow-studio
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 5
breadcrumb: [Flow logic, Flows, subflows, and actions reference, Flows, subflows, and actions, Workflow Studio, Build workflows]
---

# Call a workflow flow logic

Run a published and active workflow from your flow. You can use the flow data as a workflow input. For example, you can specify the current record as a workflow input.

## Inputs

<table id="table_pft_qpn_p2b"><thead><tr><th>

Input

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Select a Workflow

</td><td>

Published and active workflow that you can select to run. The workflow that you select determines the records that are associated with it. If the workflow has inputs, Workflow Studio displays them as additional flow inputs.**Note:**

-   To prevent the workflow from running outside of Workflow Studio, modify it to remove its start conditions.
-   You cannot select a workflow that runs on the Requested Item table. Instead, create a new flow with a Service Catalog trigger.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Wait?

</td><td>

Workflow that you set to true so that the flow waits for workflow completion before continuing. Only workflows that wait for completion can return certain output values to the flow. Set to false to continue running the flow separately from the workflow.**Note:** If the workflow is canceled or its context record is deleted prior to the workflow finishing, the flow stops waiting and instead continues running.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Current

</td><td>

Current record that the workflow processes. Select a data pill that contains a record from the associated workflow table.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Outputs

The flow execution details only display workflow output values that are generated while the flow is running. If you configure the flow to wait for the workflow to finish, the flow execution details can display all workflow output values. If the flow does not wait, the flow execution details only display the workflow output values that were generated before the **Call a Workflow** flow logic completes. If **Call a Workflow** completes before the workflow finishes, the workflow output values stop updating and only display the last known value.

|Output|Description|
|------|-----------|
|State|State of the workflow. This value comes from the workflow context record. The state will be **Complete** if the workflow executes successfully. If the workflow is canceled, the workflow state is set to **Canceled**. If the context record is deleted prior to the workflow finishing, the workflow state is set to **Invalid**.|
|Context|Reference to the workflow context record.|
|Result|String that contains the result from the workflow. This value comes from the workflow context record.|
|Return value|String that contains the return\_value from the workflow. This value comes from the workflow context record.|

## Calling the Routine Change workflow

In this example, the flow calls the **Routine Change** workflow. The **Wait?** option is checked, so the flow pauses until this workflow completes. The **Current** field is filled using a data pill representing the record that triggered this flow.

\[Omitted image "example-call-workflow.png"\] Alt text: Call a workflow logic configured to call the Routine Change workflow and wait for it to complete.

## Execution details

\[Omitted image "ex-details-call-flow.png"\] Alt text: Example Flow execution details page of a flow including a Call a Workflow flow logic.

1.  The header displays a link so that you can view the workflow progress in the Workflow Editor, the flow logic state, the start time, and the runtime duration.
2.  The **Workflow Configuration** section displays how the flow logic was configured for this flow and the runtime values that were generated.
3.  The **Workflow Output** section displays the output that is generated by the workflow while the flow is running.

**Note:** If you cancel the workflow or delete the context record prior to the workflow finishing, the flow logic state is set to **Complete**.

**Parent Topic:**[Workflow Studio flow logic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-logic.md)

**Related topics**  


[Append to Flow Variables flow logic]()

[Assign subflow outputs flow logic]()

[Do the following until flow logic]()

[Do the following in parallel flow logic]()

[Dynamic flows flow logic]()

[End Flow flow logic]()

[Exit Loop flow logic]()

[For Each flow logic]()

[Get Flow Outputs flow logic]()

[Go back to flow logic]()

[If flow logic]()

[Make a decision flow logic]()

[Set Flow Variables flow logic]()

[Skip Iteration flow logic]()

[Try flow logic]()

[Wait for a duration flow logic]()

