---
title: Get Flow Outputs flow logic
description: Retrieve output values generated by dynamic flows or subflows.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/build-workflows/workflow-studio/get-flow-outputs-flow-logic.html
release: australia
product: Workflow Studio
classification: workflow-studio
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 4
breadcrumb: [Flow logic, Flows, subflows, and actions reference, Flows, subflows, and actions, Workflow Studio, Build workflows]
---

# Get Flow Outputs flow logic

Retrieve output values generated by dynamic flows or subflows.

## Roles and availability

Available as part of ServiceNow Core.

-   **Role requirements**

    This flow logic requires roles granted by delegated development or assigned to the user. For more information, see [User access to Workflow Studio flows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/build-workflows/workflow-studio/user-access-flow-designer.md).


## Inputs

Provide a value for each input that your flow logic needs. To add dynamic values, you can also select data pills using the pill picker.

-   **Flow Template**

    Data type: **Reference**

    Flow or subflow that was used as a template for a dynamic flow. A flow template provides the inputs for a dynamic flow.

-   **Context**

    Data type: **Document ID**

    Context record generated by a Dynamic flow flow logic.


## Outputs

You can use these outputs as inputs for other items.

-   **Response**

    Data type: **JSON**

    Output values generated by the dynamic flow or subflow. You can use the Response to set flow variables or assign subflow outputs.

-   **Error Message**

    Data type: **String**

    Error message generated if there is no response.


## Get outputs from dynamic AWA flows

\[Omitted image "example-get-flow-outputs.png"\] Alt text:

The Advanced Work Assignment \(AWA\) application includes a read-only flow called AWA send external routing event. This flow runs a dynamic flow based on several input values. The Get Flow Outputs flow logic is configured to use the AWA send event flow as the **Flow Template** input value, and uses the output of the Dynamic Flow flow logic as the **Context** input value. The flow stores the **Response** output of the Get Flow Outputs flow logic as a flow variable. This flow variable is also assigned as a subflow output for use in other flows.

**Parent Topic:**[Workflow Studio flow logic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-logic.md)

**Related topics**  


[Append to Flow Variables flow logic]()

[Assign subflow outputs flow logic]()

[Call a workflow flow logic]()

[Do the following until flow logic]()

[Do the following in parallel flow logic]()

[Dynamic flows flow logic]()

[End Flow flow logic]()

[Exit Loop flow logic]()

[For Each flow logic]()

[Go back to flow logic]()

[If flow logic]()

[Make a decision flow logic]()

[Set Flow Variables flow logic]()

[Skip Iteration flow logic]()

[Try flow logic]()

[Wait for a duration flow logic]()

