---
title: Create a VRM automated risk assessment when the assigned risk tier changes
description: Create a risk assessment when the risk changes for a third party by using a tier-based assessment submission rule. With this process, you can start reassessing the risk automatically if the source of the tier change is the engagement or third party.
locale: en-US
release: yokohama
product: Third-party Risk Management
classification: third-party-risk-management
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [VRM third-party risk tiering assessments, Work in the VRM classic UI, Third-party Risk Management, Governance, Risk, and Compliance]
---

# Create a VRM automated risk assessment when the assigned risk tier changes

Create a risk assessment when the risk changes for a third party by using a tier-based assessment submission rule. With this process, you can start reassessing the risk automatically if the source of the tier change is the engagement or third party.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_vdr\_risk\_asmt.vendor\_risk\_manager

## About this task

The comprehensive Inherent Risk Questionnaire \(IRQ\) process replaces tiering.

**Important:**

In the TPRM application, the IRQ is an internal questionnaire that improves the original tiering assessment process. IRQs enhance internal risk assessments with increased flexibility, control, and scalability. Unlike a tiering assessment where external questionnaires are determined solely by the risk tier, an IRQ can dynamically trigger external questionnaires based on both respondents' answers and risk tier.

To enable a seamless transition to TPRM, you have the option to duplicate existing tiering assessments and designate them as IRQ internal assessments. Risk tiering is supported as an unchanging legacy process.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Third-party Risk Management** &gt; **Assessment Submission Rules** &gt; **Tier Based Submission**.

2.  Select a rule record or select **New**.

3.  On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_epy_qrq_f5"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Third party

</td><td>

Name of the third party to apply the rule to. This rule also applies to the selected third party's engagements.**Note:** Leave the field empty to apply the rule to all third parties and engagements.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Active

</td><td>

Option to turn a tier-based assessment submission rule on or off.When you select the check box, the tier-based assessment submission rule is on. When you clear the check box, the rule is turned off.

**Note:** When all rules are turned off, the third-party risk assessments aren’t automatically generated by tier changes.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Tier

</td><td>

Risk tier that should automatically generate an external assessment:

-   None
-   Critical
-   High
-   Moderate
-   Low
-   Minor


</td></tr><tr><td>

Assessment Template

</td><td>

Template to send when the risk tier scale changes to the tier that is specified in the rule.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Auto submit to third party

</td><td>

Option to automatically submit an external assessment to a third party or engagement after the external assessment is generated. If the option isn’t selected, the external assessment stays in the **Draft** state after it’s created.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>4.  Select **Update**.

    When a change to the tier activates the rule, the system generates an external assessment and sends it out to either the third party or engagement. An external assessment is only sent to the source of the tier change. If the third party or engagement caused the tier to change, an external assessment is sent to both the third party and the engagement.


