---
title: Australia Governance, Risk, and Compliance
locale: en-US
release: australia
bundle: grc
doc_type: toc
---

# Australia Governance, Risk, and Compliance

- [Governance, Risk, and Compliance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/r_WhatIsGRC.md) -- Respond to business risks in real time. Connect security and IT with an integrated risk program offering continuous monitoring, prioritization, and automation.
  - [GRC and the ServiceNow Store](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/grc-and-store.md) -- All GRC applications are available from the ServiceNow Store, allowing you to obtain new and updated features more rapidly. Before you can use any GRC applications, you must verify that you have entitlement to them (that is, you have valid licenses to use them). Then, you can download them from the ServiceNow Store and activate them.
    - [Download a GRC application from the ServiceNow Store for the first time](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/download-grc-first-time.md) -- Downloading an application from the ServiceNow Store for the first time involves several easy steps. Some steps are performed on the ServiceNow Store and some in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance.
      - [Get entitlement for a GRC product or application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/entitle-grc-product.md) -- The first step in installing an application is to verify that the application or the product and its associated applications have valid ServiceNow entitlements.
      - [Activate an entitled GRC ServiceNow Store application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/activate-entitled-grc-app.md) -- After an application has been given entitlement, you can activate it. This process applies to applications downloaded to sub-production instances.
    - [Install GRC content packs and integrations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/install-non-core-grc-app.md) -- All ServiceNow integrations are available on the ServiceNow Store. Core applications, such as Policy and Compliance Management, are visible in the ServiceNow Products tab on the store. Content pack and integration add-ons are visible in the Certified Apps tab.
    - [Update a GRC application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/update-grc-app-store.md) -- If you have previously downloaded an application from the ServiceNow Store and a new version is available, you can update it in your instance. When you update, the latest version of the application is installed from the application store along with the application package.
    - [Upgrade your instance to the next GRC family release](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/update-to-next-grc-family.md) -- If you are currently running a family release (London for example) and want to upgrade to the next release, it is not necessary to acquire the applications from the ServiceNow Store. The application is automatically updated when the platform is updated to the minimum required version.
  - [AI Risk and Compliance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/ai-risk-and-compliance.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Risk and Compliance application, along with the ServiceNow AI Control Tower, enables the risk and compliance managers to ensure that the organizations comply with the regulations and policies with respect to their AI systems.
    - [Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/exploring-ai-risk-and-compliance.md) -- Learn how you can use the AI Risk and Compliance application to manage your artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities ethically, mitigate AI risks, and ensure compliance.
      - [AI assets](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/ai-assets-airc.md) -- An AI asset is a digital resource that leverages artificial intelligence technologies to perform specific functions or address defined business needs.
        - [AI systems](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/ai-system-airc.md) -- An AI system is an AI-powered solution that is developed, deployed, and managed under a formal governance framework. This framework ensures that the system operates in a responsible, compliant, and risk-aware manner throughout its life cycle.
        - [AI models](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/ai-model-airc.md) -- An AI model is designed, deployed, and monitored in accordance with structured governance frameworks. These frameworks ensure the AI model’s ethical use, regulatory compliance, and risk mitigation throughout its life cycle.
        - [Datasets](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/dataset-airc.md) -- A dataset is a curated collection of structured data used to develop, deploy, and monitor AI systems in line with organizational policies, regulations, and ethical standards.
        - [360° AI asset view](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/visualization-of-ai-assest.md) -- Use the 360° AI asset view to explore the relationship between your AI assets and all its associated records in a distinctive visualization. To use this feature, you must integrate AI Risk and Compliance with the 360° Relationship Visualization application.
      - [Entity Based Access for AI assets](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/entity-based-access-for-ai-assets.md) -- The GRC: Entity Based Access application enables you to segregate data on the AI asset records to ensure that only authorized users can access sensitive AI Risk and Compliance data while maintaining visibility into core entities. Entity-based access administrators can use this application to set up secure, controlled access to various AI assets and its related objects.
      - [AI Risk and Compliance workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/ai-risk-and-compliance-workspace.md) -- The AI Risk and Compliance workspace enables the AI risk and compliance manager to view the complete risk posture of the AI assets for an enterprise.
        - [Risk & compliance tab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/risk-and-compliance-tab-airc.md) -- The Risk & compliance tab on the AI Risk and Compliance displays the risk classification of an AI asset inventory and the compliance posture for the selected authority documents and policies.
        - [Operations tab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/operations-tab.md) -- The Operations tab on the AI Risk and Compliance workspace provides an overview of AI systems by state and department. You can see risk assessments, AI assessments, control assurance, and a breakdown of issues by priority and policy exceptions by risk rating. It also shows the number of AI cases by priority.
        - [AI cases tab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/ai-cases-tab-airc.md) -- Track, monitor, and analyze your AI case workflows, identify your workflow bottlenecks, and monitor your accountability of your AI-related risks by using the AI risk and compliance dashboard. As an AI steward, you can also use the dashboard to track the status and trends of your AI-related inquiries.
      - [AI risk heatmap workbench](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/ai-risk-heatmap-workbench.md) -- A risk heatmap is a graphical representation of your risk data. The individual values that are contained in a matrix are represented in colors that denote a meaning. You can use risk heatmaps to see your AI risk assessment results in a convenient, visually attractive, and succinct format.
      - [Tasks landing page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/tasks-ai-risk-compliance.md) -- The Tasks page in the AI Risk and Compliance Workspace provides a single-pane view of your pending tasks, your group's tasks, and the tasks that are on your watchlist. You can also update the tasks directly from the dashboard.
      - [Risk assessment project in AI Risk and Compliance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/risk-assessment-project-airc.md) -- You can perform assessments on multiple risks and controls simultaneously by creating a risk assessment project for an AI asset. This feature enables assessors to review multiple risks to understand their potential impact, likelihood, and associated mitigation strategies.
        - [Workflow of risk assessment project in AI Risk and Compliance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/workflow-of-risk-assessment-project-airc.md) -- The risk assessment project workflow is a structured process to assess multiple risks and controls of an AI asset simultaneously.
      - [AI Risk and Compliance Content accelerator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/unified-content-management-in-airc.md) -- The AI Risk and Compliance Content application is a centralized repository of frameworks, citations, risk statements, and control objectives. Using this application accelerates the adoption of AI Risk and Compliance frameworks.
      - [Automatic AI case and inquiry creation from email](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/automatic-creation-cases-inquiries-from-email.md) -- The system automatically creates AI cases and inquiries from inbound emails using keywords in the subject line and body based on configured email intake settings.
      - [AI governance life cycle](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/ai-gov-lifecycle.md) -- Learn more about how organizations can govern AI from initial demand through deployment and ongoing governance monitoring by using the AI Control Tower and AI Risk and Compliance applications together.
        - [Intake requests](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/airc-intake.md) -- Intake requests are the entry point for managing and governing AI initiatives. They capture essential information about proposed AI systems, models, and datasets so that requests can be reviewed, triaged, and evaluated early in the AI life cycle.
        - [AI cases and inquiries](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/airc-cases-inquiries.md) -- AI cases and inquiries provide a structured way to report, track, and manage AI-related concerns and questions as part of AI governance in AI Control Tower and AI Risk and Compliance.
        - [Assessment templates and risk assessment methodologies](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/assessment-templates-rams.md) -- The AI Risk and Compliance application uses assessment templates and risk assessment methodologies (RAMs) to evaluate AI assets for risk, regulatory compliance, and ethical alignment.
        - [Offboarding AI assets review](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/airc-offboarding-ai-assets.md) -- Offboarding AI systems, models, and datasets helps ensure that governance, risk, and compliance requirements are addressed throughout assessment, preparation, and retirement of AI assets, including impact evaluation, residual risk management, documentation preservation, data‑handling decisions, and audit traceability.
    - [Configure](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/configuring-ai-risk-and-compliance.md) -- To use the AI Risk and Compliance application, you download and activate the application and then you must publish the assessment templates and set up the assessments and their automation logic to ensure accurate risk assessment scores.
      - [Install application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/install-ai-risk-and-compliance.md) -- You can install the AI Risk and Compliance application (sn_grc_ai_gov) if you have the admin role. The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
      - [Content pack](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/airc-content-pack.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Risk and Compliance Content Pack provides foundational content to help organizations manage AI-related risk and compliance.
        - [Install content](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/install-ai-risk-content-pack.md) -- You can install the AI Risk and Compliance Content application (sn_grc_ai_gov_cont) if you have the admin role. This application is a centralized repository of frameworks, citations, control objectives, risk statements, and assessment templates. Using this application accelerates customers an operational head-start when adopting various regulations and frameworks.
      - [Configure workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/configure-airc-workspace.md) -- Configure the AI Risk and Compliance Workspace using UI Builder.
      - [Set up properties](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/configure-airc-properties.md) -- Configure AI Risk and Compliance properties to specify which authority documents and policies you want to display on the home page. You can also specify a default automated risk classification assessment RAM for AI systems and specify a default RAM to be used for risk assessments of AI systems.
      - [Advanced Risk assessment properties](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/advanced-risk-assessments-properties-airc.md) -- Enable Advanced Risk Assessments (ARA) to confirm that risk‑based assessments and risk score roll‑up function correctly in the AI Risk and Compliance application.
      - [Configure email intake](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/config-cases-inquiries-from-email.md) -- Configure email-based intake so that incoming email messages create intake records in AI Risk and Compliance.
      - [Publish assessment templates](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/publish-the-assessment-templates.md) -- When creating a new AI system or updating an existing one, publish the assessment templates before initiating the required assessments such as impact assessment and conformity assessment. You must publish an assessment template so that the assessments can be initiated.
    - [Use](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/using-ai-risk-and-compliance.md) -- Use the AI Risk and Compliance to request AI systems, AI models, AI datasets, and so on and perform assessments for them to determine their risk posture.
      - [Request an AI use case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/request-ai-system.md) -- Request the development or procurement of an AI system to initiate and document the need for an AI‑driven solution within an organization. This process helps ensure that AI implementations are aligned with business goals, compliant with regulations, and technically feasible.
        - [Request an AI use case form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/request-ai-system-form.md) -- The Request an AI use case form is designed to streamline the request process for developing or procuring an AI-based solution. This intake form confirms that all necessary details, supporting documents, and compliance considerations are captured before moving forward with development and deployment of the AI-solution.
      - [Request an AI model](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/request-ai-model.md) -- Request the development or procurement of an AI model to support an AI system. This process captures the technical and business context needed to initiate governance review, risk assessment, and life cycle tracking for the model.
        - [Request an AI model form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/request-ai-model-form.md) -- The Request an AI model form is designed to streamline the request process for developing or procuring an AI model. This intake form confirms that all necessary details, supporting documents, and compliance considerations are captured before moving forward with the approval process.
      - [Request a dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/request-dataset.md) -- Request a dataset to support AI model training, testing, validation, or analytical use cases. This process helps ensure data sources are reviewed for quality, privacy, and compliance.
        - [Request a dataset form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/request-dataset-form.md) -- The Request a dataset form is designed to streamline the request process for procuring a dataset. This intake form confirms that all necessary details, supporting documents, and compliance considerations are captured before moving forward with the approval process.
      - [Raise an AI inquiry](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/raise-ai-inquiry.md) -- Submit your questions about AI systems, models, or datasets and their business applications.
        - [Raise an AI inquiry form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/raise-ai-inquiry-form.md) -- Use the Raise an AI inquiry form in the Employee Center to submit your questions about AI systems, models, or datasets and their business applications.
      - [Report an AI case from the Employee Center](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/report-ai-case.md) -- Report an AI case by providing a detailed description, such as system behavior, affected users, and any relevant data. Ensure all necessary information, such as supporting attachments, is included for prompt resolution.
        - [Report an AI case form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/report-ai-case-form.md) -- Use the Report an AI case form in the Employee Center to report an AI case with the necessary details.
      - [Create an AI case in the AI Risk and Compliance workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/create-ai-case-in-the-ai-risk-and-compliance-workspace.md) -- Create an AI case in the AI Risk and Compliance workspace by providing a detailed description, such as system behavior, affected users, and any relevant data. Ensure all necessary information, such as supporting attachments, is included for prompt resolution.
        - [Create New AI case form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/create-new-ai-case-form.md) -- Use the Create New AI case form in the AI Risk and Compliance workspace to report an AI case with the necessary details.
      - [Report an AI case anonymously](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/report-ai-case-anon.md) -- Report an AI case by describing the issue, affected users, and any relevant data.
        - [Report an AI case form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/report-anon-ai-case-form.md) -- Use the Report an AI case form in the Anonymous Report Center to report an AI case with the necessary details. After you submit the AI case report, mandatory fields and input format are validated before submission.
        - [Follow up on an anonymous report](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/follow-up-anonymously.md) -- After you submit an anonymous report, save the Report key and Report number. Use these reference numbers to follow up or address comments on your case anonymously.
      - [Create an AI issue in the AI Risk and Compliance workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/create-ai-issue-in-the-ai-risk-and-compliance-workspace.md) -- Identify and manage issues related to the impacted areas for the reported AI case in the AI Risk and Compliance workspace.
        - [Create New AI Issue form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/create-new-ai-issue-form.md) -- Use the Create New Issue form to identify and manage issues related to the impacted areas for the reported AI case.
      - [Remediate an issue](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/remediate-an-issue-in-airc.md) -- After an issue has been created, reported, identified, triaged, and investigated, you can remediate it.
      - [Initiate AI assessment on an AI asset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/initiate-assessment-on-an-ai-asset.md) -- Initiate AI assessment for the whole AI asset.
      - [Perform impact assessment on an AI use case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/perform-impact-assessment-of-ai-use-case.md) -- Perform an impact assessment of an AI use case to identify risks like copyright issues, bias, privacy breaches, misinformation, or surveillance, enabling improved oversight and risk management.
      - [Initiate risk assessment on AI asset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/initiate-risk-assessment-on-ai-systems.md) -- Initiate risk assessment to enable the risk assessor to perform risk assessments on AI systems, evaluating the likelihood and impact of potential risks.
      - [Perform risk assessments on AI systems](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/perform-risk-assessments-on-ai-systems.md) -- Perform risk assessments on AI systems to evaluate the likelihood and impact of potential risks using the AI Risk and Compliance application.
      - [Manage controls using AI Risk and Compliance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/manage-controls-in-airc.md) -- You can add, remove, and delete controls for an AI asset using the AI Risk and Compliance.
        - [Add controls](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/add-controls-from-control-objective-airc.md) -- Add controls from control objectives to an AI asset.
        - [Remove controls](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/remove-controls-from-an-ai-asset.md) -- Remove associated controls from an AI asset to keep the inventory accurate and up to date. This step is essential to retire outdated or irrelevant controls without deleting their records.
        - [Delete controls](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/delete-controls-from-an-ai-asset.md) -- Delete controls from an AI asset to remove them permanently from the control table. This task confirms outdated or unnecessary controls are deleted.
        - [Create control attestations for AI asset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/attest-controls-for-ai-systems.md) -- Create control attestations for AI assets to document the existence, implementation, and effectiveness of controls that govern the AI asset’s behavior, data usage, performance, and risk posture. These attestations serve as formal evidence that the AI asset adheres to relevant regulatory, ethical, security, and operational standards.
      - [Initiate risk assessment on AI asset's risks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/request-risk-assessments-for-ai-systems.md) -- Request risk assessments for risks identified during the AI system's impact assessment. These risks are generated based on the responses provided during the impact assessment of the AI system.
      - [Create risk assessment project](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/create-bulk-risk-assessment-airc.md) -- Create a bulk risk assessment project to perform assessments on multiple risks and controls simultaneously using the AI Risk and Compliance workspace. You can define the project context, including the assessable entity, Risk assessment methodology (RAM), project name, description, and identify and add stakeholders.
      - [Perform bulk assessment in stacked view](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/perform-bulk-assessment-in-stacked-view-airc.md) -- Perform assessments on multiple risks and controls simultaneously in a risk assessment project using AI Risk and Compliance Workspace. You can assess inherent risks, effectiveness of controls, residual risks, and target risks. You can define risk responses that enable you to manage and mitigate the risks identified during the risk assessment process.
      - [Perform bulk assessment in grid view](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/perform-bulk-assessment-in-grid-view-airc.md) -- Perform assessments on multiple risks and controls simultaneously in a risk assessment project in the grid view using AI Risk and Compliance Workspace. You can assess inherent risks, effectiveness of controls, residual risks, and target risks. You can define risk responses that enable you to manage and mitigate the risks identified during the risk assessment process.
      - [Activate or update NIST Risk Management Framework](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/activate-or-update-nist-using-the-content-accelerator.md) -- Activate or update NIST Risk Management Framework and select the citations for the framework. It installs the framework and the selected citations, control objectives, and risk statements on your instance.
      - [Activate or update EU Artificial Intelligence Act](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/activate-or-update-eu-artificial-intelligence-act.md) -- Activate or update the EU Artificial Intelligence Act and select the citations for the framework. It installs the framework and the selected citations on your instance.
    - [Reference](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/ai-risk-and-compliance-reference.md) -- Reference topics provide additional information such as tables and roles that are installed with the AI Risk and Compliance application.
      - [Roles installed](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/roles-installed-with-ai-risk-and-compliance.md) -- The AI Risk and Compliance installs the essential roles to perform respective day-to-day operational tasks for managing AI assets across the enterprise.
      - [Tables installed](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/ai-risk-management/tables-installed-with-ai-risk-and-compliance.md) -- Tables are added with the activation of the AI Risk and Compliance application.
  - [Audit Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/c_GRCAudits.md) -- The ServiceNow Audit Management application involves a set of activities related to planning audit engagements, executing engagements, and reporting findings to the audit committee and executive board. Engagement reporting assures key stakeholders that the organization's risk and compliance management strategy is effective.
    - [Exploring Audit Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/audit-management.md) -- The Audit Management automates the work streams of internal audit teams, optimizing resources and productivity, and eliminating recurring audit findings. Audit Management uses compliance and risk data to scope, plan, and prioritize audit engagements. The on-going review of policies and procedures, risks, and control breakdowns provide an opportunity for fixing issues before they become audit failures.
    - [Configuring Audit Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/audit-imple-overview.md) -- You can run the GRC Audit Management application by downloading it from the ServiceNow Store and then configuring the settings in the setup checklist to meet your needs. Mandatory and optional setup steps, as well as an implementation checklist, are provided to simplify the setup.
      - [Activate Audit Plugin](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_ActivateGRCAudit.md) -- Before you run GRC: Audit Management (com.sn_audit) in your instance, you must download it from the ServiceNow Store.
      - [Audit Setup Checklist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/setup-checklist-audit.md) -- This checklist includes the setup tasks that you're required to complete in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance. When you have completed these tasks, the base system is ready for operation. Optional setup procedures are also included to enhance the Audit Management functionality.
      - [GRC Audit Test Suite](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/quick-start-tests-grc-audit.md) -- Validate that GRC: Audit Management still works after you make any configuration change such as apply an upgrade or develop an application. Copy and customize these quick start tests to pass when using your instance-specific data.
      - [Advanced Audit App Setup Checklist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/setup-checklist-adv-audit.md) -- Complete the checklist that includes the setup tasks required to complete in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance. When you have completed these tasks, the base system is ready for operation.
    - [Audit Management Overview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/using-audit-management.md) -- The scope of audit management includes automation of the work streams of internal audit teams, optimizing resources and productivity, and eliminating recurring audit findings.
      - [Audit Report Templates](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/create-audit-report-temp.md) -- Create an audit report template to generate an audit report. If you're an audit developer, you can use either the HTML, Script, or XML format to create an audit report template. You can then use the audit report template to display data in an audit report.
      - [Audit Test Template and Plans](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/c_AuditTesting.md) -- An audit engagement may include control testing activities during which controls are evaluated for design and operational effectiveness.
        - [Audit Test Template Creation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_CreateATestTemplate.md) -- Test templates allow audit managers to quickly create many test plans using much of the same testing criteria.
        - [Link Test Template to Control Objectives](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_RelateTestTempToPolState.md) -- Audit owners can create generic control test templates for a control objective, avoiding the creation of individual control test plans for every control.
        - [Audit Test Plan Creation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_CreateTestPlan.md) -- Test plans can be created from scratch or based on test templates and describe how a feature is to be tested.
        - [Multiple Test Plan Creation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/create-multiple-test-plans-from-test-template.md) -- If GRC: Policy and Compliance Management is installed, a test template can be used to create test plans for all the controls associated with the control objective of the test plan.
      - [Manage engagements](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/c_Engagements.md) -- The audit engagement process involves creating, planning, scoping, and conducting engagements as well as reporting on engagement findings.
        - [Audit task management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/c_AuditTasks.md) -- Audit tasks are completed throughout an engagement and provide documented evidence that the organization is complying with external regulations and internal policies.
        - [Create Audit Engagement](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_CreateEngagement.md) -- Audit managers create engagements to manage audit information and collect entities, controls, and control tests that are relevant to the audit.
        - [Audit Report Generation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/generate-an-audit-report.md) -- Generate an audit report and maintain different versions of audit reports from an engagement in Follow up state.
        - [Copy Audit Engagement](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/create-engagement-from-previous.md) -- Audit managers can create engagements from previous engagements to reduce the need to redefine the scope, auditors, and approvers for similar engagements that are conducted throughout the year.
        - [Control Test Creation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_CreateControlTest.md) -- After defining a control, audit managers create control tests that run periodically and provide documented evidence of whether the associated control is operating correctly.
          - [Auto Control Test Creation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/automatically-generate-control-test.md) -- After adding an entity to an engagement, you can automatically generate control tests.
        - [Audit Task Activity Creation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_CreateAnActivity.md) -- After defining a control, audit managers create activities that explore and provide documented evidence of whether the associated control is operating correctly.
        - [Audit Interview Task](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_CreateAnInterview.md) -- After defining a control, audit managers create interviews with control owners to discuss and provide documented evidence of whether the associated control is operating correctly.
        - [Audit Walkthrough Task](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_CreateAWalkthrough.md) -- After defining a control, audit managers create walk throughs that will be conducted to observe and provide documented evidence of whether the associated control is operating correctly.
        - [Audit KB Article Creation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/generate-kb-from-engage.md) -- Audit managers can generate a KB article that summarizes the findings of an engagement so report findings can be communicated to executives.
        - [Engagement Approval Actions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/approve-reject-engagement.md) -- Audit users that are assigned as approvers for an engagement can approve or reject engagements in the Awaiting Approval state.
        - [Add Engagement Entities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/add-profiles-to-engagement-scope.md) -- Audit managers can define which entities are involved in the audit engagement. When you add an entity to an engagement, the corresponding risks, controls, test plans, and indicator results of the entity are also added to the engagement.
        - [Use the Audit Engagement](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/c_AuditEngagementWorkbench.md) -- The Engagement Workbench provides a timeline view from which you can select an audit engagement to view details or create a new engagement.
          - [Workbench Engagement Setup](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/create-engagement-from-workbench.md) -- The Engagement Workbench provides a timeline view from which you can select an audit engagement to view details or create a new engagement. Audit managers create engagements directly from the Workbench to manage audit information and collect entities, controls, and control tests that are relevant to the audit.
      - [Cloud Document Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/manage-cloud-docs-using-onedrive-int.md) -- You can manage your documents and work papers with Audit Management as cloud files using cloud providers like Microsoft instead of attaching them to the record.
        - [Prerequisites to Manage your Documents using Microsoft](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/enable-onedrive-int-on-a-table.md) -- Complete the prerequisites to manage your documents using Microsoft so that you can enable the cloud file integration.
        - [Cloud File Access Setup](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/document-access-configuration.md) -- The GRC Workspace administrators can create a Cloud file configuration on engagements and audit tasks from the Cloud file configuration module.
          - [Cloud File Configuration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/manage-access-permissions-to-the-cloud-file.md) -- Create a cloud file configuration record to manage the access permissions on the cloud document.
            - [Cloud File Form Setup](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/document-access-configuration-record-form.md) -- Update the access permissions for a record in the Cloud file configuration record form.
          - [File Access Permissions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/create-a-file-access-permission-record.md) -- Create a File access permission record and manage the access permissions on the cloud document.
            - [File Access Form Setup](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/file-access-permission-record-form.md) -- Update the File access permission record form for a Cloud file.
            - [File Access Configuration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/file-access-permissions.md) -- The Workspace administrators with the sn_grc_workspace.admin role can configure the file access permissions for the users and groups.
        - [Cloud File Upload](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/upload-cloud-file-eng-audit-ws.md) -- Upload local documents from your local to Microsoft cloud and manage the access to the cloud files.
        - [Link Cloud File](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/add-a-doc-as-a-cloud-attachment.md) -- Link a cloud file on Microsoft using file path and file name with a GRC ​record in the Workspace.
        - [Link a reference cloud](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/link-a-reference-doc-to-a-record.md) -- Link a reference cloud file that is already associated to other GRC records.​ You can link shareable files​ only.
        - [Mark a cloud file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/mark-a-cloud-doc-as-confidential.md) -- Select one of the already linked files and mark it as a non-sharable file. Once a cloud file is marked as non-sharable, it cannot be linked to another record, or it cannot be referenced by any other record​.
        - [Mark a cloud file as shareable](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/mark-a-cloud-doc-as-non-confidential.md) -- Select one of the non-sharable files and mark it as sharable. Once the cloud file is marked as shareable, it can be linked to another record, or it can be referenced by other records.​
        - [Remove a linked cloud](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/remove-the-cloud-doc-link.md) -- Remove a linked cloud file from a record in the Audit Workspace.
      - [Risk Monitoring & Indicators](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/continuous-monitoring.md) -- Continuous monitoring involves activities related to identifying and creating key risk and controls indicators. Supporting information can be collected for those indicators through automatic data collection or manual tasks. Indicator results are then used to create issues for controls, update risk scores, and provide supporting information for audit activities and control testing.
        - [Audit Engagement Overview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/c_AuditEngagementOverview.md) -- The Engagement Overview is contained in the Audit Management application and provides an executive view into audit results, engagement breakdowns by task, and allows areas of concern to be identified quickly.
        - [Create a GRC indicator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/audit-management/t_CreateAnIndicator.md) -- Create an Indicator to monitor the controls and risks and collect evidence of performance.
