---
title: Using Health Log Analytics
description: As an operator, you perform the vital function of remediating the alerts that Health Log Analytics generates. Because the artificial intelligence engine generates predictive alerts on emerging IT issues, operators can often remediate an alert before users are affected.
locale: en-US
release: xanadu
product: Health Log Analytics
classification: health-log-analytics
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2024-08-01"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Health Log Analytics, ITOM Health, IT Operations Management]
---

# Using Health Log Analytics

As an operator, you perform the vital function of remediating the alerts that Health Log Analytics generates. Because the artificial intelligence engine generates predictive alerts on emerging IT issues, operators can often remediate an alert before users are affected.

-   **[Take action on a Health Log Analytics alert from the Overview tab](../task/hla-op-overview-tab-view.md)**  
Start the remediation process from the **Overview** tab. The **Overview** tab provides information on alerts, log data that is associated with the anomalous behavior, CIs that generated the triggering metric, and services that are impacted by the alerts.
-   **[Analyzing log lines to identify the root cause of an alert](../concept/hla-op-surrounding-logs-view-concept.md)**  
When Health Log Analytics identifies an anomaly, viewing the logs that surround the anomaly provides clues about the state of faulting systems. This information can help you to identify the root cause of an alert.
-   **[Viewing the logs for an alert on the Log viewer](../concept/hla-op-logs-log-viewer-concept.md)**  
The **Log viewer** tab enables you to browse the logs by timestamp or time range, to search for particular log text, and to visualize the frequency of anomaly occurrences in a particular time period. If you discover an important metric in the log data, you can use it to define a Log Analytics alert rule.
-   **[Using log correlators to detect relationships in log data](../concept/hla-op-correlator-what-is-a.md)**  
Log correlators are keys or values in log data that detect correlations between alerts. For example, a log correlator could detect when the interface ID of a particular network device occurs simultaneously in multiple warnings across different service instances.
-   **[Assigning higher or lower significance to an alert in Health Log Analytics](../concept/hla-op-alert-significance.md)**  
Label an alert as meaningful or insignificant, or restore normal importance to the metric involved in generating it.
-   **[Add a KB article to a Health Log Analytics alert](../task/hla-op-alert-add-kb.md)**  
Add your own knowledge base \(KB\) article to an alert that was generated by Health Log Analytics. For example, you can provide additional information that might help to resolve the underlying issue. Health Log Analytics also uses your knowledge to enhance similar alerts.
-   **[Log anomaly detection](../../health-log-analytics-admin/concept/hla-log-anomaly-detection.md)**  
Health Log Analytics discovers patterns in your log data and learns their unique data behavior. When it finds an anomalous pattern, it sends an event to the ServiceNow® Event Management application. You can use these predictive alerts to handle emerging IT issues before they impact users.
-   **[Reducing noise by using advanced log alert filters](../concept/hla-op-adv-alert-filtering.md)**  
Advanced alert filters reduce noise by dropping alerts that do not indicate a significant issue.
-   **[Adding, changing, or deleting Log Analytics alert rules](../../health-log-analytics-admin/concept/hla-alert-rules-manage.md)**  
Add, change, or delete an alert rule that generates an alert for a specified metric.
-   **[Viewing Health Log Analytics system health alerts on the service map](../../health-log-analytics-admin/concept/hla-system-health-service-map.md)**  
The ServiceNow Event Management service instance map includes a model of the Health Log Analytics core components and the system health alerts that affect them.
-   **[View the settings of Health Log Analytics system features](../task/hla-op-features-view-settings.md)**  
View the settings for all Health Log Analytics system features. These features configure many operations that affect your work. The admin can enable or disable the features.

**Parent Topic:**[Health Log Analytics](../../health-log-analytics-admin/reference/hla-landing-page.md)

