---
title: Generating reports using Document designer
description: Starting with BCM release 9.0.x, the ServiceNow Document designer with Word application \(sn\_grc\_doc\_design\) is integrated with BCM. It enables you to generate customized reports of the BIAs, BCPs, and events in Microsoft Word format. This integration addresses issues, such as improper page breaks and cut-off information that occasionally occurred in PDFs, generated by the previous template.
locale: en-US
release: yokohama
product: GRC: Business Continuity Management Components
classification: grc-business-continuity-management-components
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 6
breadcrumb: [Manage, Business Continuity Management, Governance, Risk, and Compliance]
---

# Generating reports using Document designer

Starting with BCM release 9.0.x, the ServiceNow Document designer with Word application \(sn\_grc\_doc\_design\) is integrated with BCM. It enables you to generate customized reports of the BIAs, BCPs, and events in Microsoft Word format. This integration addresses issues, such as improper page breaks and cut-off information that occasionally occurred in PDFs, generated by the previous template.

## Using the ServiceNow Document designer with Word application

The ServiceNow Document designer with Word application offers a low-code solution, enabling you to configure different aspects of Microsoft Word documents without requiring extensive technical expertise. The templates offered by ServiceNow are designed to align with the company's brand guidelines, ensuring consistent and professional documentation.

Use the ServiceNow Document designer with Word application to generate intuitive and audit-ready Microsoft Word reports for business impact analysis \(BIAs\), business continuity plans \(BCPs\), and events directly from your ServiceNow instance. Configure the Microsoft Word templates in the application to include specific data from the records, such as tables and columns, into the reports. Options include using predefined templates, customizing them with low-code implementation, or creating your own templates to meet your company's specific guidelines.

You can save these reports either within your ServiceNow instance or as cloud documents in Microsoft SharePoint.

## Benefits of using Document designer with BCM

The ServiceNow Document designer with Word application enables you pull metadata, such as fields and related lists, from ServiceNow tables. It also allows you to add content blocks that repeat for each record in a table, for example, 10 blocks for 10 issues. Apply the templates to specific records and create reports in Microsoft Word format.

## Workflow for configuring and managing the report templates in BCM

To configure and manage the report templates in the BCM application, complete the following steps in the given sequence.

<table id="table_lrw_mwx_xfc"><thead><tr><th>

Step

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Install the applications and assign the roles

</td><td>

Install the ServiceNow Document designer with Word \(sn\_grc\_doc\_design\) application and its dependent plugins. See [Install Document designer with Microsoft Word](../task/install-document-designer-with-word-plugin.md) for more information.

 Administrative roles required to manage the templates are sn\_grc\_doc\_design.admin and sn\_bcm.admin. Managers with the sn\_bcm.manager roles can generate the reports and save them in your ServiceNow instance or in the cloud \(Microsoft Office 365\).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Set up the template relationship registry.

</td><td>

See [Set up the template configurations](../task/set-up-document-designer-templates.md) for more information.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Configure data relationships, content configurations, and scripted variables

</td><td>

Configure data relationships in the templates so that they are displayed in the Microsoft Word reports. See [Configure the data relationships](../task/create-data-rel-fortemp-config.md), [Set up the content configurations](../task/create-content-config-for-temp-config.md), and [Define the scripted variables](../task/create-scripted-vari-for-temp-config.md) for more information.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Install the ServiceNow Document designer add-in

</td><td>

Install the add-in into your Microsoft Word document. See [Install the Document designer add-in](../task/install-docu-designer-add-in-for-bcm.md) for more information.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Upload the newly created Microsoft Word template

</td><td>

Upload the newly created Microsoft Word template in the **All** &gt; **Business Continuity** &gt; **General Administration** &gt; **Word Templates**. Alternately, use a predefined template provided in the BCM instance to generating the reports in Microsoft Word format.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Generate the BIA, BCP, and event reports of the records.

</td><td>

Generate the BIA, BCP, and event reports of the records in the Business Continuity Workspace and save them in your ServiceNow instance or in the cloud. See [Generate reports for BIAs, BCPs, and events](../task/generate-word-doc-of-bia-bcp-event.md) for more information.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Downloading the Document designer as an optional application

The ServiceNow Document designer with Word application is optional. You can use the existing BCM functionality of generating the PDFs of BIAs, BCPs, and exercises or you can use the ServiceNow Document designer with Word application to generate Microsoft Word documents. You must manually download and install it from the ServiceNow Store.

The ServiceNow Document designer with Word application has dependencies on the following applications:

-   Data registry \(sn\_data\_registry\), 19.1.0
-   Microsoft 365 for ServiceNow Reporting \(sn\_esg\_msoff\_intg\), 20.0.1
-   Microsoft Office add-in \(sn\_office\_addin\)

## Recommended release version for using the Document designer

A few limitations on the number of columns and content blocks that can be configured may affect the usability with extensive data requirements. To use the ServiceNow Document designer with Word application, you must be on Xanadu release, patch 8 or later.

## Troubleshooting information related to the Document designer

If you encounter any issues with the ServiceNow Word Add-in, check the following:

-   Ensure you have the latest version of the add-in installed.
-   Check your ServiceNow instance URL and credentials.
-   Ensure you have the necessary permissions to access the Document designer application.

By following these steps, you can effectively use the ServiceNow Document designer with the Word Add-in to create and manage documents in your ServiceNow instance.

-   **[Install Document designer with Microsoft Word](../task/install-document-designer-with-word-plugin.md)**  
Install the Document designer with Microsoft Word \(sn\_grc\_doc\_design\) application. It extracts metadata \(including fields, related lists, and reference fields with their associated elements\) from ServiceNow® tables and enables the insertion of repeating content blocks \(for example, 10 blocks for 10 issues\) based on record count. When applied to specific records, the template generates a Microsoft Word document.
-   **[Set up the template configurations](../task/set-up-document-designer-templates.md)**  
Set up the template relationship registry using the Template Configurations module from the General administration setup. Configure data relationships, content configurations, and scripted variables for using the Document designer application so that required data gets displayed in the reports.
-   **[Manage Microsoft Word document templates](../task/edit-report-temp.md)**  
Manage Microsoft Word document templates centrally using the Admin module in the BCM application. This feature enables you to create or edit templates for BIA, BCP, or other events, providing customized and controlled document generation.
-   **[Install the Document designer add-in](../task/install-docu-designer-add-in-for-bcm.md)**  
Install ServiceNow Document designer add-in in Microsoft Word. You can then customize the BIA, BCP, event reports, and Microsoft Word templates according to your business needs.
-   **[Save Microsoft Word document as a template](../task/create-bcm-word-temp-using-docudesigner.md)**  
Save your Microsoft Word document as a template using the Design template provided in the Document designer, enabling you to create a reusable template in your instance.
-   **[Generate reports for BIAs, BCPs, and events](../task/generate-word-doc-of-bia-bcp-event.md)**  
Generate customized reports for BIAs, BCPs, and events directly from their respective records in Microsoft Word format. This functionality enables you to streamline reporting of impact analyses, plans, and events within your organization.

**Parent Topic:**[Managing BCM workflow tasks](manage-bcm-with-uib-workspace.md)

