---
title: Yokohama Public Sector
locale: en-US
release: yokohama
bundle: gvin
doc_type: toc
---

# Yokohama Public Sector

- [Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/bun-public-sector-landing-page.md) -- Extend beyond the packaged government case types, leveraging the government data model to create your own workflows with low-code tools. Fulfill public service requests end-to-end with pre-packaged playbooks. Deliver a personalized experience to take care of common constituent requests using resources like the portal, service catalog, virtual agent, and online communities. Use the ServiceNow Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) application to serve constituents, businesses, and agencies on a single platform.
  - [Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/exploring-public-sector-digital-services.md) -- Learn about Public Sector Digital Services features to help create a seamless support experience for constituents, businesses, internal agencies, and external agencies.
    - [Playbooks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/playbooks-psds-exploring.md) -- A playbook provides government service agents with step-by-step guidance through the life cycle of a public service request case. Use Playbooks to fulfill requests for licenses and permits, government records and other public information, or non-emergency service requests.
    - [Portals](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/portals-psds-exploring.md) -- A portal provides an end user with step-by-step guidance through the submitting a public service request case. Use Portals to submit requests for licenses and permits, government records and other public information, non-emergency service requests, or applications for social benefits or grants opportunities.
      - [Government Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/gsp-overview-public-sector.md) -- By using the Government Service Portal, constituents and businesses can report issues, access and view the status of existing service requests, request public records, search for information about a question or issue, view and update their contact information, and request assistance from a government service agent— all in a user-friendly, customizable interface.
      - [Reviewer Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-rsp-overview.md) -- Enable merit reviewers to track, score, and monitor grant proposals via a dedicated Reviewer Service portal.
      - [Grants Management Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gmp-overview.md) -- Constituents and business contacts can find, apply for, and track the status of their grant applications using the Grants Management Portal.
    - [Agent experience](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/using-public-sector-workspace-for-government-agents.md) -- Public Sector Digital Services provides agents across government agencies with a tailored workspace experience to work on cases created by constituents, businesses, and agencies.
    - [Service Bridge](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/servicebridge-psds-exploring.md) -- Connect multiple ServiceNow instances to provide support and service experiences across the Public Sector​ ecosystem, enabling coordination between multiple government service agencies and their constituents using Service Bridge for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS).
    - [Agentic AI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/agentic-ai-psds-explore.md) -- Two Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) AI Agents are available for use with the Help Manage Public Information Requests workflow, as part of the Public Sector Digital Services AI Agent Collection.
  - [Configuring Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/configuring-public-sector-digital-services.md) -- Set up Public Sector Digital Services to enable government agents and service managers to provide government services to constituents, businesses, and other agencies.
    - [Set up your environment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-set-up-your-environment.md) -- Begin your journey by preparing your Public Sector Digital Services environment with data models, product data, user management, and case management tools to go live.
      - [Install and configure the Public Sector Digital Services Core application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/configure-psds-core.md) -- Install the Public Sector Digital Services Core application and configure various features used in the application.
        - [Install Public Sector Digital Services Core](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/install-public-sector-digital-services-core.md) -- You can install the Public Sector Digital Services Core application (sn_gsm) if you have an admin role. The application includes demo data.
        - [Configure Public Sector Digital Services Core using guided setup](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-use-gs.md) -- Walk through the guided setup processes to configure the Public Sector Digital Services Core application.
        - [Optional configuration steps for Public Sector Digital Services Core](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-optional-config-steps.md) -- As an admin, you can customize the Government Service Portal and configure the CSM Configurable Workspace for the Public Sector Digital Services Core application without using guided setup.
          - [Set a default view for Items Received in the Public Sector Digital Services platform](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/set-a-default-view-in-psds.md) -- Customize the default view in the Public Sector Digital Services platform workspace so that the Items Received related list is displayed under a business, constituent, or agency record.
          - [Configure related parties for items received](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-add-related-parties-to-record.md) -- Add related parties to an item received in the Public Sector Digital Services application so that the contacts, businesses, constituents, or agencies can get the correct access level to perform the actions that they need for a case.
      - [Configure User Roles in Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-assigning-roles.md) -- The Public Sector Digital Services application uses roles to provide access to information, identify internal and external users, maintain data security, and establish different types of relationships between users and public sector entities. These roles provide different levels of access to public sector data, to help maintain data security.
      - [Components installed with Public Sector Digital Services Core](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/installed-with-public-sector-digital-services-core.md) -- Several types of components such as tables, user roles, and flows are installed when you activate the Public Sector Digital Services Core plugin.
        - [Roles installed with Public Sector Digital Services Core](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/installed-with-public-sector-digital-services-core.md) -- Several types of components such as tables, user roles, and flows are installed when you activate the Public Sector Digital Services Core plugin.
          - [Persona-based Roles in Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/installed-with-public-sector-digital-services-core.md) -- Several types of components such as tables, user roles, and flows are installed when you activate the Public Sector Digital Services Core plugin.
      - [Properties installed with Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/properties-installed-with-psds.md) -- Use the system properties that are added with the activation of the Public Sector Digital Services application to configure access control to application data.
        - [Plugins installed](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/plugins-installed-with-psds.md) -- These plugins are installed with Public Sector Digital Services, if they are not already active.
    - [Configure Agent Workspaces](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-organize-agent-workspaces.md) -- Configure agent workspaces and boost efficiency by optimizing interfaces, configuring playbooks, setting up case management and routing, and integrating tools for smooth case handling.
      - [Playbooks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-install-playbooks.md) -- Install one or more playbook applications available for use with Public Sector Digital Services. You can then configure the features available for submitting requests and routing requests to agents.
        - [Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/configuring-grants-management-playbook.md) -- Install the Grants Management application, which enables users to submit and track grants management requests and provides government agents with a predefined process for handling and resolving these requests. You can then configure the features available for submitting requests and routing requests to agents.
          - [Install Grants Management for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-install-grants-management-playbook.md) -- You can install the Grants Management application (com.sn.gsm_grants) if you have the admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plug-ins if they aren’t already installed.
          - [Configure pre-eligibility questions in Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-gmp-config-pre-eligibility.md) -- The Grants Management Program Setup enables grant program managers to use decision trees to define a series of pre-eligibility questions to check if the applicants qualify for the program.
          - [Configure a retention policy for grant cases in Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-gmp-setup-retention-policy.md) -- Set up an Archive Rule to automatically purge active grant cases and their associated data after a set period of time.
          - [Configure a single currency in Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-gmp-single-currency-setup.md) -- Grants Management only support single-currency mode.
          - [Configure PaCE Restricted Caller Access Privileges](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-gmp-rca.md) -- Define cross-scope access to an application, application resource (such as an access control role, a business rule, a UI action, or a script include), or event. You can use a requested RCA to grant store apps access to protected resources in the ServiceNow AI Platform.
          - [Configure read/write access roles for the Grants Management Internal Program Team](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-gmp-internal-team-default-roles.md) -- In a Grant Program, the certain access is granted to each Internal Program Team user on a case-by-case basis. As an admin, you can delegate read/write access to users within internal teams by mapping specific roles to read/write access.
          - [Toggle character count display for form fields in Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gmp-config-show-character-count.md) -- Toggle the character count for form fields in the Grants Management to display the remaining number of characters available in the text field.
          - [Configure the Smart Assessment Engine for Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-gmp-smart-assessment-engine.md) -- The Smart Assessment Engine (SAE) in ServiceNow streamlines and automates assessment processes, reducing manual efforts and costs. It supports various assessment types, includes drag-and-drop functionality for designing templates, and offers end-to-end workflow automation. SAE is highly configurable, making it adaptable for a wide range of use cases, including control attestation and risk identification.
          - [Configure Reviewer Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-reviewer-service-portal.md) -- Configure the Grants Management Reviewer Service Portal for merit reviewers to track, score, and review grants proposals.
            - [Configure a custom program record header](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-gmp-rsp-program-header.md) -- As an admin, you can configure the custom widget that renders the Program header displayed to the merit reviewer persona in the Reviewer Service Portal.
            - [Configure the Merit Review Scoring Framework](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-gmp-scoring-framework.md) -- As an admin, you can define the scoring framework that a merit reviewer should follow as they review and score grant program proposals in the Reviewer Service portal. As an admin, you can select which knowledge bases or frameworks are displayed in to a merit reviewer in the Reviewer Service portal.
        - [Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/configuring-social-benefit-playbook.md) -- Install the Social Benefits Playbook application, which enables public sector end users to submit and track social benefit requests and provides government agents with a pre-defined process for handling and resolving these requests. You can then configure the features available for submitting requests and routing requests to agents.
          - [Install Social Benefits Playbook for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/install-psds-social-benefits-playbook.md) -- You can install the Social Benefits Playbook application (app-psds-social-benefits) if you have the admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they aren’t already installed.
          - [Configure Eligibility Rules Engine in Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-configure-eligibility-sbp.md) -- The eligibility framework in Social Benefits Playbook allows an agent to confirm whether an applicant is eligible for the benefit program being requested.​
            - [Configure Preliminary Verification Checklist UI in Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-configure-preliminary-verification-ui-sbp.md) -- Configure the preliminary verification checklist to determine if an applicant is eligible to begin an application for one or more social benefits.
              - [Define Eligibility Questions in Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-define-eligibility-questions-sbp.md) -- Configure the eligibility criteria questions for users beginning an application for social benefits.
            - [Configure Eligibility Rules Engine Policies in Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-sbp-ef-configure-eligibility.md) -- Use the Social Benefits Playbook Eligibility Rules Engine, powered by Policy as Code Engine (PaCE), to manage the life cycle of a policy and create, update, review, and execute policies. In the Policy Home of the CSM Configurable Workspace, you can create, remove, and update the policies used for determining eligibility for an application routed through the Social Benefits Playbook.
              - [Create an eligibility policy using Social Benefits Playbook Eligibility Framework​](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-sbp-ef-configure-eligibility.md) -- Use the Social Benefits Playbook Eligibility Rules Engine, powered by Policy as Code Engine (PaCE), to manage the life cycle of a policy and create, update, review, and execute policies. In the Policy Home of the CSM Configurable Workspace, you can create, remove, and update the policies used for determining eligibility for an application routed through the Social Benefits Playbook.
              - [Map an eligibility policy to a benefit model](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-sbp-ef-configure-eligibility.md) -- Use the Social Benefits Playbook Eligibility Rules Engine, powered by Policy as Code Engine (PaCE), to manage the life cycle of a policy and create, update, review, and execute policies. In the Policy Home of the CSM Configurable Workspace, you can create, remove, and update the policies used for determining eligibility for an application routed through the Social Benefits Playbook.
              - [Update an eligibility policy in the Social Benefits Eligibility Framework Engine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-sbp-ef-configure-eligibility.md) -- Use the Social Benefits Playbook Eligibility Rules Engine, powered by Policy as Code Engine (PaCE), to manage the life cycle of a policy and create, update, review, and execute policies. In the Policy Home of the CSM Configurable Workspace, you can create, remove, and update the policies used for determining eligibility for an application routed through the Social Benefits Playbook.
                - [Update a policy logic in the Social Benefits Eligibility Framework Engine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-sbp-ef-configure-eligibility.md) -- Use the Social Benefits Playbook Eligibility Rules Engine, powered by Policy as Code Engine (PaCE), to manage the life cycle of a policy and create, update, review, and execute policies. In the Policy Home of the CSM Configurable Workspace, you can create, remove, and update the policies used for determining eligibility for an application routed through the Social Benefits Playbook.
                - [Update policy mapping in the Social Benefits Eligibility Framework Engine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-sbp-ef-configure-eligibility.md) -- Use the Social Benefits Playbook Eligibility Rules Engine, powered by Policy as Code Engine (PaCE), to manage the life cycle of a policy and create, update, review, and execute policies. In the Policy Home of the CSM Configurable Workspace, you can create, remove, and update the policies used for determining eligibility for an application routed through the Social Benefits Playbook.
              - [Create an eligibility policy template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-sbp-ef-configure-eligibility.md) -- Use the Social Benefits Playbook Eligibility Rules Engine, powered by Policy as Code Engine (PaCE), to manage the life cycle of a policy and create, update, review, and execute policies. In the Policy Home of the CSM Configurable Workspace, you can create, remove, and update the policies used for determining eligibility for an application routed through the Social Benefits Playbook.
          - [Configure auto-cancellation for draft cases](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-sbp-cancel-draft-case.md) -- An admin can configure auto-cancellation of Social Benefits Playbook cases that remain in the draft state for longer than a set period of time. The number of days that the case can remain in the draft state before it is canceled can be configured by an admin. The default value is five days.
        - [License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/configuring-license-permit-playbook.md) -- Install the License and Permit Playbook application, which enables public sector end users to submit and track license and permit requests and provides government agents with a pre-defined process for handling and resolving these requests. You can then configure the features available for submitting requests and routing requests to agents.
          - [Install License and Permit Playbook for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/install-psds-license-permit-request-playbook.md) -- You can install the License and Permit Playbook application (sn_gsm_lic_prmt) if you have the admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plug-ins if they aren’t already installed.
          - [Configuring Virtual Agent for License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lpr-configure-va.md) -- The License and Permit Playbook includes Virtual Agent (VA) capabilities. Virtual Agent functionality allows constituents to serve themselves by engaging with a messaging interface, featuring pre-built conversations powered by artificial intelligence. Constituents can utilize the Virtual Agent to initiate new license/permit applications, access existing applications, check application status, and more.
          - [Extend the License and Permit Base Case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lps-extending-base-case.md) -- As an admin, you can further extend the License and Permit install base case to define specific license/permit items received classes.
          - [Configure service definition catalog items for License and Permit Playbook application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-service-definition-catalog-item.md) -- Create a service definition for use with the License and Permit Playbook in Public Sector Digital Services.
          - [Configure Eligibility in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-configure-eligibility-lpr.md) -- The eligibility criteria in License and Permit Playbook allows an agent to confirm whether an applicant is eligible for the specific license or permit requested.​
          - [Configure decision tables for License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-configure-decision-tables.md) -- Use decision tables to simplify the pricing configuration of a license or permit request that depends on multiple factors. Decision tables provide a single point where you can create, view, and modify pricing and dependent attributes.
            - [Create a Pre-Eligibility Decision Table in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-eligibility-decision-table-lp.md) -- The License and Permit Playbook incorporates the use of pre-eligibility criteria, a series of questions that may be posed to an applicant to determine whether they are eligible to apply for a license/permit. This aims to deflect applications in which the applicant is not eligible to obtain a license/permit.
            - [Create pricing configuration decision table for License and Permit](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lp-create-pricing-decision-table.md) -- The License and Permit Playbook uses decision tables to configure pricing.
              - [Add an endorsement field to a pricing configuration decision table​​](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lpr-decision-tables-pricing-endorsements.md) -- Pricing endorsements are selections made on an application that affect which fees are charged by a government agency to process and issue a license/permit.
                - [Add an endorsement field to a pricing decision table](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lpr-decision-tables-pricing-endorsements.md) -- Pricing endorsements are selections made on an application that affect which fees are charged by a government agency to process and issue a license/permit.
              - [Add a price adjustment to a decision table​​](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-decision-table-price-adjustment.md) -- As an admin, you can use a price adjustment definition to add adjustments to field prices based on the conditions of fields that are not price fields​, such as the residency status of the constituent for the location they are requesting the permit or license in.
            - [Associate a decision table with a License & Permit case type​​](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-associate-decision-table-with-lpr.md) -- After you configure a pricing configuration decision table, associate it with the License & Permit case type to append pricing configurations to that case type table.
          - [Create Document Templates](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lpr-configure-doc-template.md) -- With the ServiceNow Document Templates application, you can create HTML and PDF document templates to generate standard letters or documents. You can automate and simplify the process of filling, signing, and reviewing a document online.​ Use the Document Templates application to generate templates for various types of Licenses and Permits that will be issued to applicants through the License and Permit Playbook.
          - [Define a Product Model for License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-define-product-model-lp.md) -- A product model record is required in a license/permit case application.
          - [Configuring Playbooks-on-portal for a custom case type](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-pop-configuration-lp.md) -- As an admin, you can configure the playbooks-on-portal experience for a custom case type that extends the base License and Permit case.
        - [Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/configuring-information-request-playbook.md) -- Install the Information Request Playbook application, which enables public sector end users to submit and track public record requests and provides government agents with a pre-defined process for handling and resolving these requests. You can then configure the features available for submitting requests and routing requests to agents.
          - [Install Information Request Playbook for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/install-psds-information-request-playbook.md) -- You can install the Information Request Playbook application (sn_gsm_info_req) if you have the admin role.If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins if they aren’t already installed.
          - [Configure Mobile Agent for Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-configure-mobile-agent-for-info-request-playbook.md) -- Install the Customer Service Mobile and Information Request Playbook plugins to enable government agents to track public record information requests on the Mobile Agent. You can then configure the roles.
          - [Create or edit a legal, review, or final review assignment group](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/create-or-edit-assignment-group-psds.md) -- Create or edit a legal, review, or final review assignment group for Information Requests.
            - [Create an assignment group](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/create-or-edit-assignment-group-psds.md) -- Create or edit a legal, review, or final review assignment group for Information Requests.
            - [Edit an assignment group](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/create-or-edit-assignment-group-psds.md) -- Create or edit a legal, review, or final review assignment group for Information Requests.
          - [Configure Restricted Caller Access privilege settings in Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-rca-setup.md) -- Define cross-scope access to an application, application resource (such as an access control role, a business rule, a UI action, or a script include), or event. You can use a requested RCA to grant store apps access to protected resources in the ServiceNow AI Platform without the need to wait for the next family release.
          - [Configure the Manage documents activity UI in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-ir-playbooks-configure-manage-documents.md) -- Configure the Manage Documents activity UI in Information Request Playbook to allow agents to view, link, or unlink documents to an information request case.
          - [Configure Similar Request Documents UI in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-ir-playbooks-configure-similar-request-documents.md) -- The Similar Request Documents Activity UI uses the name and description of existing information request cases to display a list of documents associated with the current case, providing helpful information the documents used to resolve similar information requests in Information Request Playbook.
        - [Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/configuring-service-request-playbook.md) -- Install the Service Request Playbook application, which enables public sector users to submit and track non-emergency service requests, and provides government agents with a process for handling these requests. You can then configure the features available for submitting requests and routing requests to agents.
          - [Install Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/install-psds-service-request-playbook.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can install the Service Request Playbook application (sn_gsm_srvc_req).If the application does NOT include demo data or it does NOT install related applications and plugins, delete or revise the following sentence:The application includes demo data and installs any related ServiceNow Store applications and plugins that aren’t already installed.
          - [Configure Mobile Agent for Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-configure-mobile-agent-for-service-request-playbook.md) -- Install the Customer Service Mobile and Service Request Playbook plugins to enable government service agents to track non-emergency service requests on the Mobile Agent. You can then configure the roles.
            - [Configure public sector roles and permissions for Mobile Agent app](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-mobile-app-configure-roles-admin.md) -- Configure user roles for government service agents to access the Mobile Agent app. This step is mandatory for any government service agent to be able to work from the app.
          - [Configure a service definition for Playbooks in Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-new-service-definition.md) -- Create a service definition for use with Playbooks in Public Sector Digital Services.
          - [Configure a custom playbook in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-process-playbook.md) -- Custom playbooks and service definitions enable you to customize the default Service Request Playbook user experience to interact with your desired agency workflows. After creating a service definition, you can associate a playbook with the definition.
          - [Configure the Similar Records Activity UI in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-srp-configure-similar-records.md) -- The Similar Records Activity UI uses the name and description of existing cases to display a list of cases associated with the current case, allowing an agent to determine whether the current case is a duplicate of an existing case. Similar records can also provide helpful information about a current case.
      - [CSM Configurable Workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/setting-up-csm-fsm.md) -- Modify the CSM Configurable Workspace to show the lists, modules, and form fields for Public Sector Digital Services.
        - [Configure the List Menu for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-configure-list-menu.md) -- Add public sector-related menu options to the List Menu in the CSM Configurable Workspace.
        - [Configure the Public Sector landing page with UI Builder](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-configure-landing-page.md) -- Use the UI Builder to change certain fields in the Public Sector landing page of the CSM Configurable Workspace.
        - [Activate Customer Central for viewing profile information](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-enable-customer-central.md) -- Install Customer Central using Customer Service Guided Setup so that agents can have a complete view of constituent, business, or agency information in Public Sector Digital Services.
        - [Relabel CSM Workspace items for Public Sector](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-relabel-after-upgrading.md) -- After you upgrade your instance for the first time, you can relabel certain items in the CSM Configurable Workspace for public sector use.
        - [Relabel Business Service Location portal items for public sector use after upgrade](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/blsp-relabeling-instructions.md) -- Using Guided Setup, you can optionally modify the "Business Location Details" page in the Business Location Services Portal to be relabeled "Agency Location Details" using Public Sector Digital Services terms during configuration.
      - [Case Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-case-management.md) -- Set up case management features to enable agents and constituents to create cases as needed and work to resolve those cases. Create the necessary case types to handle specific types of public services, issues, and requests. Configure service definitions to create connections between products, services, and case types.
        - [Service Bridge](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-servicebridge-config.md) -- Whether you're a government agency provider communicating with other agencies, or an agency provider connecting with their constituents, you can establish an integration between multiple types of instances with Service Exchange for Public Sector Digital Services.
          - [Install Service Exchange for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-servicebridge-config-install-prov.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can install the Service Bridge for PSDS (sn_sb_psds) application, which enables you to use Service Exchange for Providers.
          - [Configuring Service Exchange for Providers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-servicebridge-config-activate-sbproviders.md) -- To set up and configure the Service Bridge for PSDS application, follow these steps.
            - [Create remote service catalog items](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-servicebridge-config-create-catalog.md) -- As a government agency provider, you can create remote catalogs to automate the task fulfillment process for constituents that are using the Government Service Portal. By using remote catalogs, agency providers can maintain the development of shared service catalogs on their instances and provide consumers with native catalog items in their instances remotely.
            - [Create remote task definitions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-servicebridge-config-create-remote-task-def.md) -- As a government agency provider, you can create remote task definitions that trigger the assignment of remote task(s) to your constituent. Remote tasks originate in the agency provider instance (where they auto-create an associated government case record), and are pushed to your constituent through the Government Service Portal, enabling both provider and consumer to keep case records and details in sync.
          - [Configure Service Exchange for Consumers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-servicebridge-config-activate-sbconsumers.md) -- You can do the following configuration tasks to customize your Service Bridge for consumers instance, the Government Service Portal.
            - [Activate remote catalog item entitlements](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-servicebridge-config-activate-entitlements.md) -- Create an entitlement for a remote catalog item/record producer so that the associated service will be displayed in the constituent(s) Government Service Portal catalog for use. You can entitle content explicitly to a single constituent, or to multiple constituents in designated groups.
          - [Set up a Service Exchange connection between a Provider and a Consumer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-servicebridge-config-connect-prov-consu.md) -- Establish an instance-to-instance integration between a provider and a consumer using Service Exchange for Public Sector Digital Services.
        - [Defining the processes and data for a Public Service case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/government-service-case-type.md) -- You can use a public service case, which is based on the Government Service case type, to extend the customer service case from the Customer Service Management application. By using a case type, you can define the processes and data that are needed to resolve your public service requests.
        - [Service definitions for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-service-definitions.md) -- Service definitions are records used to store the details about a service provided to end users. By using a service definition, you can connect a public service with a case type to extend the types of services that can be requested, and the types of cases that can be created to support those services.
        - [Associate an agency location to a Public Service definition](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-associate-agency-location-to-service-offered.md) -- Associate your government service agency locations with a service definition using the Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) application. With this association, your government service agency staff can address constituent requests for documents, records, or services that are offered at a particular agency location, and can raise a case on behalf of a constituent or business.
      - [Case Routing and Assignment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-case-routing.md) -- Set up Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) to automatically route cases to the appropriate government service agents in CSM Configurable Workspace.
        - [Configure Advanced Work Assignment for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/awa-psds-overview.md) -- Use the Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) for Public Sector Digital Services feature to automatically assign work items to agents based on their availability, capacity, and skills. AWA for Public Sector Digital Services pushes work to qualified agents using work item queues, routing conditions, and assignment criteria that you define. Agents see their assignments in their Agent Workspace inbox.
          - [Automatically route social benefit requests using Advanced Work Assignment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/awa-psds-overview.md) -- Use the Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) for Public Sector Digital Services feature to automatically assign work items to agents based on their availability, capacity, and skills. AWA for Public Sector Digital Services pushes work to qualified agents using work item queues, routing conditions, and assignment criteria that you define. Agents see their assignments in their Agent Workspace inbox.
          - [Configure Social Benefit Requests service channel](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/awa-psds-overview.md) -- Use the Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) for Public Sector Digital Services feature to automatically assign work items to agents based on their availability, capacity, and skills. AWA for Public Sector Digital Services pushes work to qualified agents using work item queues, routing conditions, and assignment criteria that you define. Agents see their assignments in their Agent Workspace inbox.
          - [Automatically route license and permit requests using Advanced Work Assignment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/awa-psds-overview.md) -- Use the Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) for Public Sector Digital Services feature to automatically assign work items to agents based on their availability, capacity, and skills. AWA for Public Sector Digital Services pushes work to qualified agents using work item queues, routing conditions, and assignment criteria that you define. Agents see their assignments in their Agent Workspace inbox.
          - [Configure License and Permits Requests service channel](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/awa-psds-overview.md) -- Use the Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) for Public Sector Digital Services feature to automatically assign work items to agents based on their availability, capacity, and skills. AWA for Public Sector Digital Services pushes work to qualified agents using work item queues, routing conditions, and assignment criteria that you define. Agents see their assignments in their Agent Workspace inbox.
          - [Automatically route information requests using Advanced Work Assignment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/awa-psds-overview.md) -- Use the Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) for Public Sector Digital Services feature to automatically assign work items to agents based on their availability, capacity, and skills. AWA for Public Sector Digital Services pushes work to qualified agents using work item queues, routing conditions, and assignment criteria that you define. Agents see their assignments in their Agent Workspace inbox.
          - [Configure Information Requests service channel](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/awa-psds-overview.md) -- Use the Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) for Public Sector Digital Services feature to automatically assign work items to agents based on their availability, capacity, and skills. AWA for Public Sector Digital Services pushes work to qualified agents using work item queues, routing conditions, and assignment criteria that you define. Agents see their assignments in their Agent Workspace inbox.
          - [Automatically route service requests using Advanced Work Assignment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/awa-psds-overview.md) -- Use the Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) for Public Sector Digital Services feature to automatically assign work items to agents based on their availability, capacity, and skills. AWA for Public Sector Digital Services pushes work to qualified agents using work item queues, routing conditions, and assignment criteria that you define. Agents see their assignments in their Agent Workspace inbox.
          - [Configure Service Requests service channel](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/awa-psds-overview.md) -- Use the Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) for Public Sector Digital Services feature to automatically assign work items to agents based on their availability, capacity, and skills. AWA for Public Sector Digital Services pushes work to qualified agents using work item queues, routing conditions, and assignment criteria that you define. Agents see their assignments in their Agent Workspace inbox.
    - [Enable communication channels](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-enable-comm-channels.md) -- Configure communication channels such as chat, email, phone, virtual agent, and engagement messenger.
      - [Virtual Agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-configuring-va.md) -- Set up ServiceNow Virtual Agent so that conversation designers (topic authors) can create and modify automated conversations for public sector use cases. Virtual Agent for Public Sector Digital Services also helps your constituents complete common self-service tasks on the Government Service Portal with predefined Government Service Virtual Agent topics (chatbot conversations).
      - [Engagement Messenger](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-configure-engagement-messenger.md) -- Configure certain Engagement Messenger settings to enable public sector end users to create and track requests. With Engagement Messenger, public sector users can access self-service and chat features from third-party web applications outside of the ServiceNow environment.
        - [Configure Engagement Messenger for Service Request Playbook application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-configure-engagement-messenger.md) -- Configure certain Engagement Messenger settings to enable public sector end users to create and track requests. With Engagement Messenger, public sector users can access self-service and chat features from third-party web applications outside of the ServiceNow environment.
    - [Implement Intelligence](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-imp-intel.md) -- Integrate intelligence features to automate routine tasks and provide relevant content.
      - [Configure AI Agents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-config-agentic-ai.md) -- Configure the Now Assist AI Agents to execute use cases and complete tasks autonomously in Public Sector Digital Services.
    - [Set up Self-Service](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-set-up-self-service.md) -- Creating a self-service portal such as the Government Service Portal helps constituents submit requests independently. You can integrate features like knowledge bases, chatbots, and appointment booking for easy access to information.
      - [Customize the Government Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/customize-government-service-portal.md) -- Modify the Government Service Portal to meet your needs, for example to set the portal branding.
      - [Configure the service catalog for a constituent, business, or agency](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/configure-services-offered.md) -- Configure the Public Sector Digital Services service catalog so that you can define the type of public service being offered, the service taxonomy, and which agency offers the service. These services are displayed on the Government Service Portal.
      - [Configure the Grants Management Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-gmp-grants-management-portal.md) -- As an admin, you can configure various elements of the Grants Management Portal.
        - [Approve business contact or organization registration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gmp-approve-new-business-org-contact-portal.md) -- As an admin, you can approve or reject the registration of a new business contact or organization, submitted through the Grants Management Portal.
    - [Extend capabilities](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-config-advanced-cap.md) -- Extend the capabilities of Public Sector Digital Services.
      - [Install the Performance Analytics and Reporting Solution for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-install.md) -- Install the content pack for the Public Sector Digital Services Platform Analytics Solution from the ServiceNow Store.
  - [Integrating Public Sector Digital Services with other applications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/integrate-psds-other-apps.md) -- Extend the capabilities of Public Sector Digital Services and connect with other departments to assist with case resolution by integrating with other applications.
    - [Field Service Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-integration-fsm.md) -- The Public Sector Digital Services integration with the ServiceNow Field Service Management application enables you to view work order and work order task information from a public sector case.
    - [Document Processor](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-integration-fso-doc-pro.md) -- The Public Sector Digital Services integration with the Financial Services OperationsDocument Processor enables other Public Sector Digital Services applications to collect and verify documents that are used in workflows across the PSDS workspace. You can submit documents for verification, create templates, and track document uploads.
  - [Using Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/using-public-sector-digital-services.md) -- Learn how public sector agencies help constituents and businesses with digital services and resolve their issues.
    - [Using Portals](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-portals.md) -- Use Portals to submit requests for licenses and permits, government records and public information, non-emergency services, or to submit applications for social benefits or grants opportunities.
      - [Using Government Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/using-psds-government-service-portal-overview.md) -- By using the Government Service Portal, constituents and businesses can report issues, access and view the status of existing service requests, request public records, search for information about a question or issue, view and update their contact information, and request assistance from a government service agent— all within a customizable interface.
        - [Register for the Government Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/register-gsm-portal-user.md) -- Register for the Public Sector Digital Services Government Service Portal so that you can search for information, request assistance from a government service agent, or track the status of your request.
          - [Self-register a business account in the Public Sector Digital Services government service portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gsp-registering-as-a-business-account.md) -- As a business owner, you can self-register your business on the government service portal to gain access and to create a business profile.
          - [View or update a constituent profile in the government service portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gsp-update-constituent-profile.md) -- As a registered constituent, view your profile, update your information, and change your password directly on the Public Sector Digital Services government service portal.
        - [Track your cases from the Government Service Portal in Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/view-cases-government-service-portal-user.md) -- Keep track of your service request, information request, or license/permit request cases in the Government Service Portal by viewing a list of your cases and selecting the ones that you want to see more details about. Here, you can respond to an agent's inquiry, view a response, or see if there are any next steps required to resolve the case.
        - [Submit a social benefits application in the Public Sector Digital Services Government Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-sb-request-user.md) -- Submit an application for one or more social benefit programs offered by a government agency using the Government Service Portal in Public Sector Digital Services.
        - [Creating a government service request with Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-service-request-user.md) -- You can create a case about a community question or issue from the Government Service Portal in Public Sector Digital Services. The Government Service Portal supports submissions by both registered and anonymous users.
          - [Create a service request as a registered user](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-service-request-user.md) -- You can create a case about a community question or issue from the Government Service Portal in Public Sector Digital Services. The Government Service Portal supports submissions by both registered and anonymous users.
          - [Create a service request as a public user](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-service-request-user.md) -- You can create a case about a community question or issue from the Government Service Portal in Public Sector Digital Services. The Government Service Portal supports submissions by both registered and anonymous users.
        - [Create an information request with Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-information-request-user.md) -- Create a case requesting public records from federal or state public agencies from the Government Service Portal in Public Sector Digital Services.
        - [Create a license request in the Public Sector Digital Services Government Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-license-request-user.md) -- Request a license or permit from a government agency using the Government Service Portal.
          - [Create and submit License or Permit request applications on behalf of others](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-license-request-user.md) -- Request a license or permit from a government agency using the Government Service Portal.
        - [Track the status of a public service request from the Government Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-track-service-request-status-user.md) -- Monitor the status of a case that you submitted through the Government Service Portal in Public Sector Digital Services. On the case page, you can see when the case was created, when it was last updated, and whether it’s awaiting a response from you or from an agent.
        - [Manage your government service cases from the Government Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/work-with-govt-service-case.md) -- Create, accept, assign, escalate, de-escalate, cancel a case, and even more actions for various government services all from the Government Service Portal.
        - [Email notifications for the Service Request Case Type](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/email-notifications-in-psds.md) -- Email notifications are automatically triggered by both the Government Service Portal and Service Request Playbook in Public Sector Digital Services. Notifications can result from an agent action, a response needed from an agent, constituent, or business contact, or from an update on a case status.
        - [Service level agreements for government service cases](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/slas-for-government-service-cases.md) -- A service level agreement (SLA) is a record that you use to guarantee a specific time that a service or information must be provided by, or that an agent must finish a task must by. The Public Sector Digital Services application uses SLAs with government service request cases.
        - [Get help with Public Service requests using Virtual Agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-get-help-va.md) -- Public sector users can get assistance completing or updating their requests for various public services by using a pre-built Virtual Agent chatbot conversation. Users can run this Virtual Agent conversation from the Government Service Portal or from Engagement Messenger. Virtual Agent is currently supported by Service Request Playbook and License and Permit Playbook.
          - [Get help with service requests using Virtual Agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-get-help-va.md) -- Public sector users can get assistance completing or updating their requests for various public services by using a pre-built Virtual Agent chatbot conversation. Users can run this Virtual Agent conversation from the Government Service Portal or from Engagement Messenger. Virtual Agent is currently supported by Service Request Playbook and License and Permit Playbook.
          - [Get help with license and permit requests using Virtual Agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-get-help-va.md) -- Public sector users can get assistance completing or updating their requests for various public services by using a pre-built Virtual Agent chatbot conversation. Users can run this Virtual Agent conversation from the Government Service Portal or from Engagement Messenger. Virtual Agent is currently supported by Service Request Playbook and License and Permit Playbook.
      - [Using the Grants Management Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gmp-using-grants-mgmt-portal.md) -- As an applicant, you can use the Grants Management Portal to search and view available grant programs. You can apply to grant opportunities and track the progress and status of your application and accept or decline awards.
        - [View the results letter for a grant program application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-gmp-view-results-letter.md) -- As an applicant in the Grants Management Portal, you can view the results letter (and the merit review summary, where applicable) of your submitted grants applications.
        - [Accept or decline an award for a grant program using Grants Management Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-gmp-accept-decline-award.md) -- As an applicant in the Grants Management Portal, you can review the terms of your grant award and choose to accept or decline the award.
      - [Using the Business (Agency) Location Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-business-location-service-portal.md) -- You can use the Business (Agency) Location Service Portal (BLSP), available with the Public Sector Digital Services application, as a one-stop shop to manage internal and external agency locations.
    - [Using Playbooks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-playbooks-overview.md) -- A playbook provides government service agents with step-by-step guidance through the life cycle of a public service request case. Use Playbooks to fulfill requests for license and permits, government records and other public information, or non-emergency service requests.
      - [Using Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-grants-management-playbook.md) -- If you're a government agency, you can use Grants Management for Public Sector Digital Services to set up and award grants, apply for them, or both​.
        - [Create a grant program](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gmp-using-set-up-grants-management-program.md) -- As a grant program manager at a government service agency, you can use the Public Sector Digital Services Grants Management program setup​ to either create a grant program from scratch, or create one from an existing configuration.
        - [Managing grant proposals using the Grants Proposal playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-gmp-mng-grants-proposal-playbook.md) -- You can use the Grants Proposal playbook to review information provided by the applicant along with other relevant documents. Create and assign merit review tasks and allocate budgets and propose funding.
          - [Complete the Intake stage in Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-gmp-mng-grants-proposal-playbook.md) -- You can use the Grants Proposal playbook to review information provided by the applicant along with other relevant documents. Create and assign merit review tasks and allocate budgets and propose funding.
          - [Complete the Screen stage in Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-gmp-mng-grants-proposal-playbook.md) -- You can use the Grants Proposal playbook to review information provided by the applicant along with other relevant documents. Create and assign merit review tasks and allocate budgets and propose funding.
          - [Complete the Evaluation stage in Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-gmp-mng-grants-proposal-playbook.md) -- You can use the Grants Proposal playbook to review information provided by the applicant along with other relevant documents. Create and assign merit review tasks and allocate budgets and propose funding.
          - [Complete the Decision stage in Grants Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-gmp-mng-grants-proposal-playbook.md) -- You can use the Grants Proposal playbook to review information provided by the applicant along with other relevant documents. Create and assign merit review tasks and allocate budgets and propose funding.
        - [Using the Reviewer Service Portal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gmp-using-merit-review-portal-agent.md) -- The Reviewer Service portal is accessible by merit reviewers to review their assigned merit review tasks. Reviewers can review the grant proposal information available in various tabs in the portal and score the proposal. The scores are based on the review framework and rubric selected by the grants program manager during program setup.
          - [Review and score a grant proposal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gmp-merit-review-score-application.md) -- As a Merit Reviewer, you can review grant proposals for feasibility, impact, and alignment with the grant program's goals. Reviewers can then score proposals as part of the evaluation stage of the Public Sector Digital Services Grants Management using the Reviewer Service portal.
        - [Create a Funding Proposal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-gmp-define-funding-proposal.md) -- As a Grants Program Manager, you can create a funding proposal for a grant program directly in the Grants Workspace after proposals are scored, and share it with the Grant Program Director for final confirmation.
        - [Add points of contact to a Grant Program](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-gmp-add-points-of-contact.md) -- As an agent or manager, you can add members of your internal program team to a points of contact list to allow them to be contacted by grant seekers. This list is displayed on the grants program announcement page.
      - [Using Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-sb-playbooks.md) -- If you're a social benefits case agent or manager, you can use the Social Benefits Playbook for Public Sector Digital Services to manage and resolve requests for social benefits.
        - [Resolving a social benefits case using Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-sb-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Intake stage in Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-sb-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Review stage in Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-sb-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Process stage in Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-sb-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Decision stage in Social Benefits Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-sb-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
        - [Add a beneficiary to a social benefits application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-sbp-add-beneficiary.md) -- As an agent, you can add multiple beneficiaries to an existing request for social benefits. Applicants, or the representatives of an applicant, can also add additional beneficiaries to an application through the Government Service Portal. Beneficiaries are people that share the household or are related to the applicant who will benefit from the assistance being provided.
      - [Using License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-lp-playbooks.md) -- If you're an license and permits case agent or manager, you can use the License and Permit Playbook for Public Sector Digital Services to manage and resolve requests for licenses and permits.
        - [Resolving a license and permit case using License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-lpr-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Intake stage in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-lpr-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Review stage in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-lpr-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Process stage in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-lpr-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Decision stage in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-lpr-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
        - [Track license and permit requests by using License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lpr-playbook-view-lp-request-agent.md) -- Track all the license and permit requests that are assigned to you or other agents in your government agency by using the License and Permit Playbook.
        - [Create a License and Permit request on behalf of a constituent or business](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-proxy-application-gsp-lpr.md) -- Government service agents can create requests on behalf of constituents or business from the Government Service Portal. Constituents can also create and submit license/permit requests on behalf of someone else through the Government Service Portal.
        - [Using the contextual side panel in Public Sector Digital Services License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lpr-playbook-using-contextual-side-panel.md) -- The contextual side panel provides you with the tools that can help you to research and resolve problems about your cases.
          - [Use response templates in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/use-response-templates-lpr-psds.md) -- Respond to cases by using the response templates in the contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace. Good templates save you time by eliminating repetitive work. Response templates replace the static text with details from the license/permit application.
          - [Using the activity stream in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lpr-playbooks-using-activity-stream.md) -- You can access the activity stream in the contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace after you create an license and permit request record using the License and Permit Playbook. The activity stream enables you to communicate with requesters and make internal notes about the work that is done on a record, making it easier to relay and track information.
          - [Viewing the dynamic related records in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lpr-playbook-viewing-rel-records.md) -- You can view the dynamic related records in the playbook contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace. These records dynamically change based on the current record or playbook activity.
          - [Viewing the ribbon information in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-lpr-playbook-viewing-ribbon.md) -- You can view the information about the ribbon in the contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace. The ribbon displays the important information about the case, such as the information request record information, constituent contact details, and the case timeline.
        - [Add Multiple Parties to a record in License and Permit Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-add-multiple-parties-record-lpr.md) -- As a government agent, you can add other business contacts or constituents to a license or permit application.
        - [Create a business contact account from license or permit application data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-multi-party-create-business-contact.md) -- Use the contact information for related parties entered on a license or permit application to create new business contact accounts.
        - [Edit or remove a business contact or related party from a License and Permit Application](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-multi-party-remove-business-contact.md) -- Additional business contacts can be edited or removed by a government service agent before a license or permit case reaches the Process stage.
      - [Using Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-ir-playbooks.md) -- If you're an information request case agent or manager, you can use the Information Request Playbook for Public Sector Digital Services to manage and resolve requests for information and public records.
        - [Create an information request record by using Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-ir-playbook-create-record.md) -- Create an information request record in the Public Sector Digital Services application by using an Information Request Playbook activity. By using a playbook, you can have an efficient, streamlined way to create and resolve an information request.
        - [Using the contextual side panel in Public Sector Digital Services Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-ir-playbook-using-contextual-side-panel.md) -- The contextual side panel provides you with the tools that can help you to research and resolve problems about your cases.
          - [Use response templates in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/use-response-templates-ir-psds.md) -- Respond to cases by using the response templates in the contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace. Good templates save you time by eliminating repetitive work.
          - [Using the activity stream in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-ir-playbooks-using-activity-stream.md) -- You can access the activity stream in the contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace after you create an information request record using the Information Request Playbook. The activity stream enables you to communicate with requesters and make internal notes about the work that is done on a record, making it easier to relay and track information.
          - [Viewing the dynamic related records in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-ir-playbook-viewing-rel-records.md) -- You can view the dynamic related records in the playbook contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace. These records dynamically change based on the current record or playbook activity.
          - [Viewing the ribbon information in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-ir-playbook-viewing-ribbon.md) -- You can view the information about the ribbon in the contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace. The ribbon displays the important information about the case, such as the information request record information, constituent contact details, and the case timeline.
        - [Track government information requests by using Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-ir-playbook-view-service-request-cases-agent.md) -- Track all the information requests that are assigned to you or other agents in your government agency by using the Information Request Playbook.
        - [Resolving an information request case by using playbooks in Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-info-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Intake stage in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-info-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Review stage in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-info-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Process stage in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-info-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Decision stage in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-info-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
        - [Redact data from documents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-ir-playbooks-doc-redaction.md) -- As a legal reviewer, you can redact sensitive data from PDF documents by either searching keywords or selecting text in Information Request Playbook.
        - [Add Multiple Parties to a record in Information Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-add-multiple-parties-record-ir.md) -- As a government agent, you can add other business contacts or constituents to an information request application.
      - [Using Service Request Playbooks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-sr-playbooks.md) -- If you're a government service agent or manager, you can use the Service Request Playbook for Public Sector Digital Services to manage and resolve requests for services like park maintenance, broken stop signs, or other types of community issues.
        - [Create a service request record by using playbooks in Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-playbook-create-record.md) -- Create a service request record in the Public Sector Digital Services application by using a Service Request Playbook activity. By using a playbook, you can have an efficient, streamlined way to create and resolve a service request.
        - [Resolving a service request case by using playbooks in Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Intake Stage in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Review Stage in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Process Stage in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
          - [Complete the Decision Stage in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-resolving-case-playbooks.md) -- You can use playbooks to create cases and to complete the tasks and activities that are needed to resolve specific types of cases.
        - [Using the contextual side panel in Public Sector Digital Services Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-playbook-using-contextual-side-panel.md) -- The contextual side panel provides you with the tools that can help you to research and resolve problems about your cases.
          - [Use response templates in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/use-response-templates-psds.md) -- Respond to cases by using the response templates in the contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace. Good templates save you time by eliminating repetitive work.
          - [Using the activity stream in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-playbook-using-activity-stream.md) -- You can access the activity stream in the contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace after you create a service request record. The activity stream enables you to communicate with constituents and make internal notes about the work that is done on a record, making it easier to relay and track the information.
          - [Viewing the dynamic related records in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-playbook-viewing-rel-records.md) -- You can view the dynamic related records in the playbook contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace. These records dynamically change based on the current record or playbook activity.
          - [Viewing the ribbon information in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-playbook-viewing-ribbon.md) -- You can view the information about the ribbon in the contextual side panel in CSM Configurable Workspace. The ribbon displays the important information about the case, such as the service record information, constituent contact details, and the case timeline.
          - [Customizing the related records view in Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-playbook-customizing-rel-records-view.md) -- You can customize
        - [Track government service requests by using Service Request Playbook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-playbook-view-service-request-cases-agent.md) -- Track all the service requests that are assigned to you or other agents in your government agency by using the Service Request Playbook.
      - [Life cycle of a Public Service case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/government-service-case-states.md) -- A public service request case within one of the three Public Sector Digital Services playbook applications can be in one of several states as it progresses through the fulfillment cycle.
    - [Using CSM Configurable Workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-csm-workspace.md) -- Set up CSM Configurable Workspace for your agents and expand the Workspace UI so they can engage with customers, answer questions, create cases, and resolve issues.
      - [Creating and resolving case tasks as a government service agent in CSM Configurable Workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gsp-resolving-case-tasks-agent.md) -- Service request case tasks in Public Sector Digital Services are automatically created and assigned to agents as each service request case moves through its life cycle. Government service agents can view and complete these case tasks (or even create their own tasks) in the CSM Configurable Workspace.
        - [View existing service request case tasks in CSM Configurable Workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gsp-resolving-case-tasks-agent.md) -- Service request case tasks in Public Sector Digital Services are automatically created and assigned to agents as each service request case moves through its life cycle. Government service agents can view and complete these case tasks (or even create their own tasks) in the CSM Configurable Workspace.
        - [Create a service request case task in CSM Configurable Workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gsp-resolving-case-tasks-agent.md) -- Service request case tasks in Public Sector Digital Services are automatically created and assigned to agents as each service request case moves through its life cycle. Government service agents can view and complete these case tasks (or even create their own tasks) in the CSM Configurable Workspace.
        - [Resolve a service request case task in CSM Configurable Workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-gsp-resolving-case-tasks-agent.md) -- Service request case tasks in Public Sector Digital Services are automatically created and assigned to agents as each service request case moves through its life cycle. Government service agents can view and complete these case tasks (or even create their own tasks) in the CSM Configurable Workspace.
      - [Create a business record in CSM Configurable Workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-create-new-business-rec-ws.md) -- If you're a government service agent, create a business record in CSM Configurable Workspace directly from a service request, interaction, or case when an incident is reported by a constituent, business, or business contact.
    - [Using Virtual Agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/using-va-for-public-sector-digital-services.md) -- As an admin, you can use Virtual Agent to create chatbot conversations tailored to public sector use cases.
    - [Using Mobile Agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-mobile-agent.md) -- If you're a government agent, you can use the Mobile Agent app on your mobile device to create, update, and monitor the status of non-emergency service requests in the Public Sector Digital Services application. You can also get an overview of your case load, including your new and active cases.
      - [Using the Mobile Agent to perform agent tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-mobile-playbooks-perform-agent-manager-tasks.md) -- If you're a government service agent, you can manage your cases and receive real-time updates on your mobile device with the Mobile Agent.
      - [Using the activity stream in the Mobile Agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-mobile-playbook-using-activity-stream.md) -- If you're a government service agent, you can access the activity stream from within the case card in the Mobile Agent. You can also communicate with requesters and make internal notes about the work on a record, which means that you can relay and track information more efficiently.
      - [Track government service requests with the ServiceNow Mobile Agent app](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-mobile-playbook-view-service-requests-agent.md) -- Track and view the details of all the service requests that are assigned to you by using the ServiceNow Mobile Agent app.
      - [Track information requests with the Mobile Agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-mobile-playbook-view-info-requests-agent.md) -- Track and view the details of all the information requests that are assigned to you by using the Mobile Agent on your mobile device.
  - [Analytics and Reporting Solutions for Public Sector Digital Services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-content-pack.md) -- Platform Analytics Solutions contain prepackaged Platform Analytics content for use with other ServiceNow AI Platform products. Finish the following sentence with a short statement on the business use case for this Solution. For example: This Analytics and Reporting Solution helps you track trends in incidents and plan your incident management strategy going forward.This Platform Analytics Solution provides KPIs and benchmarks to measure the government services provided to constituents.
    - [Constituent Service dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/constituent-services-dashboard.md) -- Use this dashboard to monitor the health of citizen services, gain insights on how efficiently government cases are handled, and assess the overall performance of services offered.
    - [Public Services Performance Overview dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-services-performance-dashboard.md) -- Use the Public Services Performance Overview dashboard to assess key performance indicators and data visualizations on public services offered to and requested by constituents, businesses, and agencies.
  - [Public Sector Digital Services reference](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-digital-services-reference.md) -- Reference topics provide additional information about Public Sector Digital Services.
    - [Public Sector Data Model](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/public-sector-digital-services-data-model.md) -- Learn about the Public Sector Digital Services application by viewing data model and role relationship diagrams. These diagrams show the relationships between the tables and roles within the application and provide an overall picture of how the Public Sector Digital Services application operates.
      - [Using the Data Model](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-flexible-data-model.md) -- The flexibility of the ServiceNow platform provides you with an opportunity to create numerous applications to interact with Public Sector Digital Services. Public Sector Digital Services provides a data model that you can extend and leverage in these applications.
        - [Product Models](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-flexible-data-model.md) -- The flexibility of the ServiceNow platform provides you with an opportunity to create numerous applications to interact with Public Sector Digital Services. Public Sector Digital Services provides a data model that you can extend and leverage in these applications.
        - [Case Types and Service Definitions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-flexible-data-model.md) -- The flexibility of the ServiceNow platform provides you with an opportunity to create numerous applications to interact with Public Sector Digital Services. Public Sector Digital Services provides a data model that you can extend and leverage in these applications.
        - [Tables and Fields](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-using-flexible-data-model.md) -- The flexibility of the ServiceNow platform provides you with an opportunity to create numerous applications to interact with Public Sector Digital Services. Public Sector Digital Services provides a data model that you can extend and leverage in these applications.
    - [Public Sector Core Role Relationships](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-core-role-relationships.md) -- The following diagram shows the core role relationships within the Public Sector Digital Services application. Use this diagram to understand how each role is related to the other roles within the application.
    - [Public Sector Service Catalog](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-service-catalog-list.md) -- The following services are base system public service catalog items offered in the Government Service Portal.
    - [Public Sector forms](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-forms.md) -- Use forms to view and update Public Sector Digital Services information.
      - [Public Service Case Forms](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-case-forms.md) -- Agents can create case forms to display detailed information about questions, requests, and issues that constituents, business stakeholders, or agents have. Constituents, business stakeholders, or agents can also view the form to see the status of their requests and service cases.
        - [Government Service Case form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/government-service-case-form.md) -- A government service agent creates a case to identify a constituent's request, and to track the activities related to resolving the issue. The Case form captures and displays detailed information about a constituent's issue or request.
          - [Government Service Case form related lists](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/government-service-case-form.md) -- A government service agent creates a case to identify a constituent's request, and to track the activities related to resolving the issue. The Case form captures and displays detailed information about a constituent's issue or request.
        - [Service Request case form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/service-request-case-form-new.md) -- A government service agent can create a case using the Service Request case form to capture detailed information about questions, requests, and issues that constituents, business stakeholders, or agents have. Constituents, business stakeholders, or agents can also view the form to see the status of their requests and service cases.
          - [Service Request Case Task form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/service-request-case-form-new.md) -- A government service agent can create a case using the Service Request case form to capture detailed information about questions, requests, and issues that constituents, business stakeholders, or agents have. Constituents, business stakeholders, or agents can also view the form to see the status of their requests and service cases.
        - [Information Request case form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/information-request-case-form.md) -- A government agent can create a case by using the Information Request case form to capture detailed information about public record requests that constituents, business stakeholders, or other agents have. Constituents, business stakeholders, or agents can also view the form to see the status of their information requests.
          - [Information Request Case form related lists](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/information-request-case-form.md) -- A government agent can create a case by using the Information Request case form to capture detailed information about public record requests that constituents, business stakeholders, or other agents have. Constituents, business stakeholders, or agents can also view the form to see the status of their information requests.
      - [Public Service Profile Forms](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/psds-profile-forms.md) -- Profile forms display detailed information about a constituent, agent, or business. This information is collected on registration for the Government Service Portal.
        - [Business Profile form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/business-profile-form.md) -- Use the Business Profile form in Public Sector Digital Services to capture and display the details about a business. You can add the name and address of the business owner, trademark status, industry information, partner records, or business structure.
        - [Agency Profile form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/agency-profile-form-psds.md) -- Use the Agency Profile form in the Public Sector Digital Services application to capture and display the details about an agency and the cases that they're involved in.
        - [Agency Service Constituent Profile form](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/government-service-constituent-form.md) -- Use the Agency Service Constituent Profile form in the Public Sector Digital Services application to display detailed information about a constituent, such as the name and address, date of birth, contact information, and language choice.
  - [Now Assist for PSDS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-for-psds.md) -- With the Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) application, your agents can use generative AI to summarize the details and comment activity of each public service case to get the context of the case. They can also generate the case resolution notes to share with other agents.
    - [Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-exploring.md) -- With the Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) application, your agents can use generative AI to summarize the details and comment activity of each public service case to get the context of the case. They can also generate the case resolution notes to share with other agents.
      - [Chat Summarization](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-exploring-chat-sum.md) -- Use the chat summarization feature in Now Assist to automatically generate summaries of chat conversations in Virtual Agent. The chat summary enables an agent to quickly gain an understanding of the interaction without reading the entire transcript of the conversation, and saves your requester from having to repeat the same information they provided to the Virtual Agent.
      - [AI Search](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-exploring-ais.md) -- The AI Search index stores data from Platform records, Knowledge Base articles, or external sources, and makes that data available for agents to search in the CSM Configurable Workspace. An admin can configure where the data is pulled from. Search query features use ServiceNow AI Platform technologies to improve the search user experience.
    - [Configure](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-configuring.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can install and configure the Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) application so that your agents can use the generative AI skills in CSM Configurable Workspace and in Core UI.
      - [Configure a Now Assist skill](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-configure-skill.md) -- Configure the triggers, settings, and display locations for Now Assist skills to enable GenAI capabilities across the Public Sector Digital Services agent platform.
      - [Configure chat summarization](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-customize-chat-summ.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can configure the Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) skill so that agents can use the generative AI skills in CSM Configurable Workspace and in Public Sector Digital Services Core UI.
      - [Configure case summarization](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-customize-case-summ.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can customize the case summarization skill in the Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) application so that government service agents can use the generative AI skills in CSM Configurable Workspace and in Public Sector Digital Services Core UI.
      - [Enabling and configuring AI Search](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-enabling-configuring-ai-search.md) -- Configure and use the AI Search engine in the Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) application.
        - [Enable AI Search](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-configuring-ai-search-toggle.md) -- Enable the Now Assist in AI Search application to extract actionable Q&A Genius Result answers from knowledge articles found in the Service Portal, Virtual Agent, Employee Center, and global searches.
        - [Configure AI Search Profiles](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-config-ais-profiles.md) -- You can enable AI Search users to search content and metadata from documents in all or part of the knowledge bases, external repositories, and remote tables.
          - [Create a search profile using Now Assist for PSDS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-config-ais-profiles.md) -- You can enable AI Search users to search content and metadata from documents in all or part of the knowledge bases, external repositories, and remote tables.
          - [Link a search source to a search profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-config-ais-profiles.md) -- You can enable AI Search users to search content and metadata from documents in all or part of the knowledge bases, external repositories, and remote tables.
          - [Publish a search profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-config-ais-profiles.md) -- You can enable AI Search users to search content and metadata from documents in all or part of the knowledge bases, external repositories, and remote tables.
      - [Skill inputs and triggers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-skill-inputs.md) -- Use the inputs and triggers for each skill to configure how and when a skill is used.
    - [Use](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-using.md) -- If you have an agent role, you can summarize the case details and generate the case resolution notes with the Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) application.
      - [Summarize a chat](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-summarize-chat.md) -- Generate a summary of the Virtual Agent chat history and the chat conversation between a live agent and a customer using the chat summarization skill in Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS).
      - [Summarize a case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-summarize-case.md) -- Generate a summary from the fields that you selected on the case record to help you quickly understand the case context by using the case summarization skill in the Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS) application.
      - [Using AI Search](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-using-ai-search.md) -- Agents can search for information with single turn Q&A using the AI Search feature in Now Assist for Public Sector Digital Services (PSDS).
    - [Using agentic AI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-agentic-ai.md) -- Use AI agents to achieve specific automated outcomes with the Public Sector Digital Services AI Agent Collection application. ​
      - [AI Agents in PSDS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/government-industry/public-sector-digital-services/now-assist-psds-aiagents.md) -- Use standalone agents to achieve specific automated outcomes with the Public Sector Digital Services AI Agent Collection application. ​
