---
title: Using Service Operations Workspace for ITOM Log Analytics
description: View and address the alerts that Health Log Analytics generates in the Service Operations Workspace.
locale: en-US
release: xanadu
product: Service Operations Workspace for ITOM Apps
classification: service-operations-workspace-for-itom-apps
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2024-08-01"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Using Service Operations Workspace for ITOM, Service Operations Workspace for ITOM, ITOM Health, IT Operations Management]
---

# Using Service Operations Workspace for ITOM Log Analytics

View and address the alerts that Health Log Analytics generates in the Service Operations Workspace.

-   **[Take action on a Health Log Analytics alert from the Overview tab](../task/hla-op-overview-tab-view-sow.md)**  
Start the remediation process from the **Overview** tab in the Service Operations Workspace. This tab provides information on alerts, log data that is associated with the anomalous behavior, CIs that generated the triggering metric, and services that are impacted by the alerts.
-   **[Analyzing log lines to identify the root cause of an alert](hla-op-surrounding-logs-view-concept-sow.md)**  
When Health Log Analytics identifies an anomaly, viewing the logs that surround the anomaly provides clues about the state of faulting systems. This information can help you to identify the root cause of an alert.
-   **[Viewing the logs for an alert on the Log viewer](hla-op-logs-log-viewer-concept-sow.md)**  
The **Log viewer** in the Service Operations Workspace enables you to browse the logs by timestamp or time range, to search for particular log text, and to visualize the frequency of anomaly occurrences in a particular time period. If you discover an important metric in the log data, you can use it to define a Log Analytics alert rule.
-   **[Adding, changing, or deleting Log Analytics alert rules](../../service-operations-workspace-itom/concept/hla-alert-rules-manage-sow-itom.md)**  
Add, change, or delete an alert rule that generates an alert for a specified metric.
-   **[Assigning higher or lower significance to an alert in Health Log Analytics](../../service-operations-workspace-itom/concept/hla-op-alert-significance-sow-itom.md)**  
Label an alert as meaningful or insignificant, or restore normal importance to the metric involved in generating it.
-   **[Dashboards for real-time visualization of log data](../../health-log-analytics-admin/concept/hla-dashboard-visualizations.md)**  
Health Log Analytics enables you to create log data dashboards and visualizations in real time for enhanced data monitoring and faster identification of deviations.
-   **[Add a KB article to a Log Analytics alert](../task/hla-op-alert-add-kb-sow.md)**  
Add your own knowledge base \(KB\) article to an alert that was generated by Health Log Analytics. For example, you can provide additional information that might help to resolve the underlying issue.

**Parent Topic:**[Service Operations Workspace for ITOM](../../service-operations-workspace-itom/concept/sow-landing-page-itom.md)

