---
title: Australia Employee Service Management
locale: en-US
release: australia
bundle: emplsm
doc_type: toc
---

# Australia Employee Service Management

- [Employee Service Management](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/employee-service-management-overview.md) -- ServiceNow Employee Service Management transforms how employees interact with the organization by delivering a unified, personalized, and proactive service experience across HR, Growth Experiences, Hiring Experiences, and other departments. It enables organizations deliver seamless, cross-departmental services through a single digital experience. Whether employees are onboarding, requesting workplace resources, updating personal data, or exploring internal opportunities, ESM orchestrates these interactions through end-to-end workflows.
  - [HR Service Delivery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-service-delivery.md) -- HR Service Delivery is a suite of applications that drive employee productivity from hire to retire by connecting the systems and experiences across HR and the enterprise.
    - [Supporting information for HR Service Delivery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-service-delivery-overview.md) -- The ServiceNow HR Service Delivery application improves the employee service experience by automating HR interactions and providing a single platform for all HR services.
    - [Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/now-assist-hrsd.md) -- Use the ServiceNow Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) application to summarize the case information, generate resolution notes, and summarize the chat information for an interaction. You can enable your agents to understand the chat and case context so that they can propose quicker resolutions to your requesters.
      - [Explore](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/explore-now-assist-hr.md) -- With the Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) application, your agents can summarize the customer chat conversations and case details to get the context of the case, generate the case resolution notes, and wrap up cases faster.
        - [Supporting information](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/support-info-hr-assist.md) -- Get a quick overview of the important information that is related to the Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) application.
      - [Configure](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/configure-now-assist-hr.md) -- If you have the admin role, you can configure the Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) application so that your agents can use the generative AI capabilities in Agent Workspace for HR Case Management and Core UI.
        - [Skill inputs and triggers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/now-assist-hrsd-skill-inputs.md) -- Get a quick overview of the skill inputs and triggers for Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD). By configuring the inputs or triggers for a skill, you can determine how and when a skill is used.
        - [RCA approvals](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/run-rca-now-assist-hrsd.md) -- After you install Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD), you might encounter Restricted Caller Access (RCA) approval messages requesting for an update in the access request.
        - [Restrict capabilities for ER cases](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/restrict-now-assist-skills-er-cases.md) -- Restrict the Now Assist capabilities for your employee relations cases and define the availability.
        - [Customize skills](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/customize-nahr-skill.md) -- Customize a Now Assist skill so you can experiment with skill settings and configure the skill to fit your business needs.
        - [Configure attachment summary](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/configue-attachment-summary.md) -- Customize the case summarization skill in Now Assist for HRSD to include summaries of case attachments.
        - [Configure resolution notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/resolution-notes-nacm-config.md) -- Configure the resolution notes generation skill to create concise summaries of case resolutions and enable agents to use the Now Assist context menu to elaborate or shorten the notes.
          - [Extend table support](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/table-support-resolution-notes.md) -- Extend table support for the resolution notes generation skill to include additional data sources.
        - [Configure sensitivity detection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/config-na-sd-filters.md) -- Configure sensitivity detection in the Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) application.
        - [Configure Gen AI Virtual Agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/use-genai-ec.md) -- Enable your requesters to have a streamlined, conversational experience that is based on generative AI as they submit a catalog item request in Virtual Agent. By offering this generative AI experience, your organization can increase self-service and reduce operating costs.
        - [Configure Virtual Agent topics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/config-va-topics.md) -- Complete the configuration steps to enable your employees place requests to the Human Capital Management (HCM) system using the Now Assist for HRSD Virtual Agent topics in Employee Center.
        - [Configure HCM AI agents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/configure-hcm-agents.md) -- Enable your employees to place requests to the Human Capital Management (HCM) system using the Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) agent collection.
        - [Configure HR AI voice agents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/configure-voice-agents.md) -- Enable employees to complete tasks, resolve issues, and access information through a conversational experience.
        - [Configure manager insights](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/config-manager-insights.md) -- Configure the manager insights skill in Now Assist for HRSD to generate a summary of team data in Manager Hub.
        - [Configure Now Assist for HR - Galileo Inside](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/configuring-galileo-inside.md) -- Enable users to access functionality and benefits of the Now Assist for HR - Galileo Inside [sn_hr_na_galileo] plugin by completing a short installation and configuration process.
      - [Use agentic workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/now-assist-hrsd-ai-agents-use-cases.md) -- Use the HR Service Delivery AI agent collection to complete tasks autonomously.
        - [Help resolve tuition requests](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/now-assist-hrsd-ai-agents-policy-resolving-tr-usecase.md) -- The Help resolve tuition requests agentic workflow evaluates employee-submitted course information against company tuition policies found in knowledge articles to help employees understand whether their proposed course meets reimbursement requirements and directs them through the pre-approval flow.
        - [Help resolve tuition reimbursement requests](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/resolve-tuition-reimbursement-requests.md) -- The Help resolve tuition reimbursement requests agentic workflow streamlines the reimbursement process by evaluating employee course reimbursement submissions against company policies and returning a decision of approval, denial, or request for additional information.
        - [Predict service and transfer HR cases](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/predict-transfer-hrcase.md) -- Analyze an HR case and automatically route it to the most appropriate HR service with the predict service and transfer HR cases agentic workflow. Optimize HR Case Management, ensuring that cases are handled by the most appropriate teams.
        - [Resolve noncritical HR cases](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/employee-issue-resolver-na.md) -- Use the Resolve noncritical HR cases agentic workflow to assess the criticality of HR cases and automatically respond to noncritical inquiries without human intervention. Human agents must intervene when requests are marked critical.
        - [Resolve critical HR case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/employee-issue-resolve-critical.md) -- Resolve critical HR requests efficiently with the Resolve critical HR case agentic workflow. This workflow generates a tailored fulfillment plan for an HR case using fulfillment instructions, KB articles, or resolution notes of similar past cases. It helps accelerate the resolution process by providing planning support to HR agents.
          - [Generate case fulfillment plan](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/generate-rp.md) -- Auto-generate a fulfillment/execution plan for a case. Accelerate the resolution process by providing planning support to HR agents.
        - [Generate onboarding ramp-up plan](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/onboarding-ramp-up-plan-agentic-wf.md) -- The Generate onboarding ramp-up plan agentic workflow is an AI-powered solution that helps managers at your organization onboard new employees more efficiently. This workflow uses a team of AI agents to generate team specific and personalized plans for every new hire.
          - [Set trigger to Employee Center](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/set-trigger-emp-center.md) -- Set Onboarding ramp-up trigger to use Employee Center portal in the trigger configuration so the onboarding ramp-up plan workflow is accessible through the portal. Without setting the portal, the trigger will not be visible or usable in the Employee Center portal.
          - [Activate Onboarding ramp-up trigger](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/activate-trigger-rampup.md) -- Enable the Onboarding ramp-up trigger to ensure that the workflow runs at the right time during the employee onboarding. This automates plan generation, reduces manual setup for managers, and improves consistency in onboarding processes.
          - [Activate the associated Now Assist skills](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/turn-on-nowassist-skills.md) -- Enable the Now Assist skills to allow the system to analyze interview notes and job descriptions, extract keywords, and identify relevant skills. This improves skill gap analysis and ensures accurate, personalized ramp-up plans for new employees.
          - [Display AI agent output](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/enable-ai-agent-output-va.md) -- Use the sn_aia.enable_va_conversation system property to display output from AI agents that are used in agentic workflows when you converse with Now Assist in Virtual Agent.
