---
title: Using Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\)
description: With the Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\) application, you can summarize feedback, create demands, generate document summaries, and refine planning item descriptions for clarity and alignment. You can also quickly produce and share project summaries via email and use the AI agents to monitor project tasks autonomously.
locale: en-US
release: xanadu
product: Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\)
classification: now-assist-for-strategic-portfolio-management-spm
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2024-08-01"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\), Strategic Portfolio Management]
---

# Using Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\)

With the Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\) application, you can summarize feedback, create demands, generate document summaries, and refine planning item descriptions for clarity and alignment. You can also quickly produce and share project summaries via email and use the AI agents to monitor project tasks autonomously.

-   **[Summarize the feedback by using Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\)](../task/feedback-summary-sentiment-topics.md)**  
Generate a summary from the name and description of the feedback records so that you can analyze a large volume of feedback quickly without reading each feedback record manually. You can do this task by using the multi feedback summarization skill in the Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\) application.
-   **[Create demands by using the conversational experience](../task/demand-creation-using-now-assist.md)**  
Use the conversational experience of Now Assist in Virtual Agent to create a demand from any application that supports Virtual Agent.
-   **[Generate stories from work items in EAP using Now Assist for SPM](../task/generate-stories-from-epics-now-assist-eap.md)**  
Breakdown epics and features into stories using the Now Assist panel in the Enterprise Agile Planning \(EAP\) workspace. Based on the work item details, Now Assist generates stories.
-   **[Generate the summary for selected or complete content with Planning item doc summarization skill in Strategic Planning](../task/summarize-documents-genai-skill-spw.md)**  
Quickly learn the details of the documents from the summary that is generated by Now Assist in Strategic Planning.
-   **[Generate the summary for selected or complete content with Project doc summarization skill in Project Workspace](../task/summarize-doc-content-genai-skill-pw.md)**  
Quickly learn the details of the documents from the summary that is generated by in Project Workspace.
-   **[Schedule the project summary emails with Email project summary skill](../task/email-project-summary-skill-pw.md)**  
Schedule the project summary emails to prioritize and track the most important changes in the project in Project Workspace.
-   **[Refine planning items content using write planning item skill](../task/refine-text-with-write-planning-item-skill.md)**  
Improve record quality by enabling AI-assisted text refinement in the description fields of Product Idea, Demand, Epic, Project, Capability, Feature, and Story forms in Strategic Planning Workspace. Enable product managers and agile users to refine planning item content efficiently using the Elaborate and Shorten options and create planning items with sufficient information.

**Parent Topic:**[Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\)](now-assist-spm.md)

**Related topics**  


[Using AI agent agentic workflows in Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\)](using-na-spm-ai-agents.md)

