---
title: Process Automation Designer release notes
description: Version history for the Process Automation Designer on the ServiceNow Store.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/store-release-notes/store-rn-pad-designer.html
release: store
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2024-11-07"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [ServiceNow Store - Security Incident Response release notes, ServiceNow Store - Security Operations release notes, ServiceNow Store release notes]
---

# Process Automation Designer release notes

Version history for the Process Automation Designer on the ServiceNow Store.

**Important:** For details on system requirements and family compatibility, view the application listing on the [ServiceNow Store](https://store.servicenow.com/sn_appstore_store.do#!/store/home) website.

## Version history

-   **Version 26.2.5 - November 2024 \(Xanadu\)**
    -   New:
        -   Added the ability to create different versions of a base playbook
        -   Added the ability to generate playbooks from an image input
        -   Updated playbooks generated by Now Assist to populate with common activities instead of just placeholder activities
    -   Fixed:
        -   Added back condition field in process properties on version 26.x of PAD
        -   Corrected sys\_pd\_activity Business Rule to check for unique name in only the lane it belongs to, instead of the whole playbook
-   **Version 24.1.2 - August 2023 \(Vancouver\)**

    Workflow Automation on the ServiceNow AI Platform offers low and no code solutions for building and managing automation. Process Automation Designer offers a no code experience for building automated business processes. Build processes in a diagrammatic or visual task-style view. Power Playbook Experiences to guide users through every step required to complete work.

    New:

    -   Build and manage processes in a diagram view.
    -   Undo or redo recent changes during design.
    -   Receive notifications in a validation tray when a process is missing connectors or has redundancies.

**Parent Topic:**[ServiceNow Store - Security Incident Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/store/markdown/store-release-notes/sn-store-rn-secops-sir.md)

