---
title: Yokohama Release Notes
locale: en-US
release: yokohama
bundle: rn
doc_type: toc
---

# Yokohama Release Notes

- [Yokohama release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/family-release-notes.md) -- The ServiceNow Yokohama release includes new products and applications, as well as additional features and fixes for existing products. Read the release notes to learn about the release, prepare for your upgrade, and upgrade your instance.
  - [Using the release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-getting-started-landing-page.md) -- Learn how to navigate the redesigned release notes and find the information you're looking for.
  - [Build your own release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-features-overview.md) -- Enhance your upgrade experience with configurable release notes that fit your unique upgrade scenario. Assemble product information, fixes included in your targeted release version, and upgrade tasks to streamline your upgrade preparation, even when you skip a family release.
  - [Yokohama General Availability release highlights](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/release-highlights.md) -- High-level overview of products and features in the ServiceNow AI Platform Yokohama release.
  - [Learn about the Yokohama release](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-learn-landing-page.md) -- The Yokohama release includes new features and improvements built on the ServiceNow AI Platform.
    - [Release notes for upgrading from Xanadu](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-n-1-landing-page.md) -- When you upgrade from the Xanadu release, understand the fixes in each release version, notable changes for the user interface, browser support, plugin updates, and each feature's upgrade and migration tasks if applicable.
      - [Combined product release notes for upgrades from Xanadu to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-xanadu-combined-release-notes.md) -- To help you upgrade from Xanadu to Yokohama, we have combined the cross-family release notes for each product onto one page. Select the products you have to customize the release notes results.
      - [Features and changes by product](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/new-features-changes.md) -- Review the new features and changes in this release by product.
        - [AI Experiences release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/intelligent-experiences-rn-landing.md) -- AI Experiences has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [AI Control Tower release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/ai-governance-rn.md) -- The ServiceNowAI Control Tower application provides a centralized workspace for AI stewards to manage and monitor AI within the enterprise. The AI Inventory, based on a unified AI asset data model on the ServiceNow AI Platform along with associated governance business processes are available in this workspace.
          - [Conversation Insights release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/conversation-insights-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Conversation Insights application delivers Inferred customer satisfaction (CSAT) scores, with underlying factors that improve CSAT actionability. Conversation Insights is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Document Intelligence release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/document-intelligence-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Document Intelligence application is an artificial intelligence (AI) solution that quickly and accurately categorizes and extracts information from documents. Document Intelligence was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Generative AI Controller release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/generative-ai-controller-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Generative AI Controller application enables you to use generative AI capabilities with third-party large language model (LLM) providers on the ServiceNow AI Platform. You can reduce complexity and enhance the user experience in your organization by generating and summarizing content, analyzing user sentiment, and writing unique prompts. Generative AI Controller was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Knowledge Graph release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/knowledge-graph-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Knowledge Graph enables you to create and manage knowledge graph schema for the out of the box (OOTB) integrations for Virtual Agent. Knowledge Graph is a new Now Assist platform capability in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist experience brings generative AI to your organization. You can improve productivity and efficiency by delivering better self-service, recommending actions, delivering answers, and providing your users with AI Search. Now Assist was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-analytics-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist Analytics application helps Now Assist admins monitor the usage and performance of generative AI features and capabilities offered under Now Assist. Now Assist Analytics was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist Skill Kit release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/na-skill-kit-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist Skill Kit application enables AI developers to create custom skills and to have greater flexibility with Now Assist's generative AI capabilities. Now Assist Skill Kit was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist in Document Intelligence release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-document-intelligence-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Document Intelligence application uses generative AI to extract information from documents, summarize document content, and provide answers to predefined questions. Now Assist in Document Intelligence was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Predictive Intelligence release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/predictive-intelligence-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Predictive Intelligence application enables you to create and train machine learning models to help improve performance, efficiency, and flexibility to your systems. Predictive Intelligence was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ServiceNow AI Lens release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-lens-rn.md) -- With ServiceNow AI Lens, which is a ServiceNow Now Assist application, you can use generative AI to scan, extract, comprehend, and synthesize data to optimize your workflows. ServiceNow AI Lens is a new application in the Yokohama release.
        - [API release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/api-rn.md) -- ServiceNow APIs let you build custom applications and experiences. APIs were enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [App development and low-code release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/build-automate-rn-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Platform has new and updated automation, as well as and no-code, low-code, and platform developer features in the Yokohama release.
          - [App Engine Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/app-engine-studio-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow App Engine Studio (AES) application enables creators of varying skill levels to build applications that meet the immediate needs of your organization. App Engine Studio was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Creator Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/creator-studio-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Creator Studio product is a guided application development experience that enables business process experts to create request-based applications without the barriers of traditional low-code development. Creator Studio was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Zero Copy Connector for ERP release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/erp-canvas-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Zero Copy Connector for ERP application (formerly known as ERP Data Hub) enables you to connect to the ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system of record, query remote tables, and build data models to use ERP data on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Zero Copy Connector for ERP was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ERP Semantic Mining release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/erp-customization-mining-rn.md) -- The ServiceNowERP Semantic Mining (ERP-CM) product enables ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) consultants and architects to identify customizations and recommend candidates for replatforming from the ERP system onto the ServiceNow AI Platform. ERP Semantic Mining was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Integration Hub release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/integration-hub-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Integration Hub application extends the ServiceNow Workflow Studio automation capabilities by enabling you to integrate your instance data with data in external systems. Integration Hub was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Next Experience Developer (NED) Tools release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/ned-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Next Experience Tools application enables you to create the components to track and enhance page performance and improve overall developer productivity. NED Tools was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for App Engine release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-app-engine-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for App Engine application enables creators to enhance custom applications with AI agents and skills that application users can leverage at runtime. Now Assist for App Engine is a new application in the Yokohama Patch 3 release.
          - [Now Assist for Creator release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-creator-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Creator application includes generative AI skills that can make developing on the ServiceNow AI Platform more efficient. Now Assist for Creator was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [RPA Hub release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rpa-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow RPA Hub application enables end-to-end automation for your organization. RPA Hub was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Table Builder release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/table-builder-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Table Builder application is a centralized way to build tables, forms, and display logic. Table Builder was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ServiceNow IDE release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-ide-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow integrated development environment (IDE) application enables developers to create scoped applications in source code in an IDE based on Visual Studio Code for the Web on the ServiceNow AI Platform. ServiceNow IDE was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ServiceNow SDK release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-sdk-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow software development kit (SDK) enables developers to create scoped applications in source code locally in Visual Studio Code Desktop and upload changes to a ServiceNow instance. ServiceNow SDK was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ServiceNow Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-studio-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ServiceNow Studio application provides a unified experience for all ServiceNow development activities, enabling admins and developers to extend base system solutions and easily create custom apps. ServiceNow Studio was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Workflow Data Fabric Hub release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/workflow-data-fabric-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workflow Data Fabric Hub application unifies data from across the enterprise, providing access to external data in real time without needing to copy it to your instance. Workflow Data Fabric Hub is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Workflow Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/workflow-studio-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workflow Studio application provides a single location to access all process automation applications. Workflow Studio was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Flows, subflows, and actions in Workflow Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/flow-designer-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workflow Studio application enables process analysts to automate work without having to code and to build multi-step flows from reusable components. Workflow Studio was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Playbooks in Workflow Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/process-automation-designer-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Playbooks builder within the ServiceNow Workflow Studio application enables playbook owners to create multiple-flow processes in a diagram or task board interface. The Playbooks builder was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Decision Builder in Workflow Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/decision-builder-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workflow Studio application provides an intuitive interface that you can use to create and manage decision tables. Workflow Studio was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Next Experience Components release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/component-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Next Experience Components are the components used to build custom user interfaces. Next Experience Components was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Conversational Interfaces release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/conversational-interfaces-rn-landing.md) -- Conversational Interfaces includes enhancements and changes in the Xanadu release.
          - [Now Assist in Virtual Agent release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-va-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Virtual Agent application uses generative AI skills in your conversational experiences. Now Assist in Virtual Agent uses large language models (LLMs) to create a natural-language conversational experience that can improve the success of your self-service workflows. Now Assist in Virtual Agent was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Sidebar release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/sidebar-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sidebar application enables agents and subject matter experts to collaborate on user issues. Sidebar was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Virtual Agent release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/virtual-agent-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Virtual Agent application provides user assistance through a conversational interface so that you can design and build automated conversations that help users to quickly obtain information and to perform common work tasks. Virtual Agent was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Customer Service Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/customer-service-mgmt-rn-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow Customer Service Management application has new and updated applications and features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Agent experience for CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/customer-service-config-ws-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Agent experience for CSM provides customer service agents with the tools that they need to find, research, and resolve customer issues and questions. Agent experience for CSM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Case management for CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/customer-service-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Case management for CSM application enables customer service organizations and support teams to collaborate on customer problems proactively to resolve issues. Case management for CSM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Data management for CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/data-management-for-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Data management for Customer Service Management application enables you to organize and manage the data for both your internal users and external customers. Data management for Customer Service Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Intelligence for CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/customer-service-ai-ml-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Intelligence for CSM applications enable customer service organizations and service operations to configure and implement Guided Decisions, Recommended Actions, and Task Intelligence features. The Intelligence for CSM applications were enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Customer Service Management (CSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for CSM application brings generative AI to Customer Service Management (CSM). You can improve productivity and efficiency by delivering better self-service, recommending actions, and delivering answers. Now Assist for CSM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Customer Contracts and Entitlements release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/customer-contracts-entitlements-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Customer Contracts and Entitlements application provides the foundation for storing and managing customer service contracts and entitlements. Customer Contracts and Entitlements was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Self-service and omnichannel engagement for CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/customer-self-service-omnichannel-engagement-rn.md) -- With ServiceNow Omnichannel support, your customers can use chat on self-service portals or consumer messaging apps to connect with your organization, or connect using email or phone. ServiceNow Omnichannel and self-service applications were enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Workforce Optimization for Customer Service CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/workforce-optimization-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workforce Optimization for Customer Service application enables you to efficiently route work to your team, manage your team's skills and schedules, and monitor their performance. Workforce Optimization for Customer Service was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Employee Service Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/employee-service-management-rn-landing.md) -- Employee Service Management has new and updated features in the Yokohama release
          - [HR Service Delivery release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hr-service-delivery-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow HR Service Delivery application improves the employee service experience by automating HR interactions and providing a single platform for all HR services. HR Service Delivery was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Case and Knowledge Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hr-case-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Case and Knowledge Management application enables you to standardize the documentation, interaction, and fulfillment of employee inquiries and requests, which helps to improve HR efficiency and services over time. Case and Knowledge Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Agent Workspace for HR Case Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hr-agent-workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Agent Workspace for HR Case Management application enables you to interact with employees, respond to inquiries, and resolve issues quickly. Agent Workspace for HR Case Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hr-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) application enables agents to summarize case information, generate resolution notes, and summarize the chat information for an interaction. Your agents can understand the chat and case context and propose quicker resolutions to your customers. Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Manager Hub release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/mh-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Manager Hub application increases managers self-service and proactive engagement with their team by providing insights and recommended actions for what's most urgent and important to drive team success. It enables managers to grow as leaders through curated and personalised resources. Manager Hub was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Contract Management Pro release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/cmpro-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Contract Management Pro is a contract lifecycle management solution that's easy to use and adopt. You can use it to set up contract document templates, clauses, clause variations, and to initiate contract requests. It also supports Now Assist driven contract analysis and metadata extraction, e-signatures, wet signatures, and external storage systems.Contract Management Pro was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Now Assist in Contract Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/cmpro-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Contract Management uses generative AI capabilities to analyze a contract for missing or non-standard clauses and conversational search to query documents using natural language. It also includes agentic AI capabilities that automatically extract metadata and obligations from signed contracts and calculate reminder dates for contract renewals or terminations. Now Assist in Contract Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Legal Service Delivery release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/lsd-rn-landing-page.md) -- The ServiceNow Legal Service Delivery streamlines legal operations by automating request intake, managing legal matters and investigations, and enabling secure collaboration across departments. Legal Service Delivery was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Legal Hold Notification release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/lg-hold-notif-new-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Legal Hold Notification application helps organizations manage their legal obligation to preserve relevant information when a legal hold is issued. It enables you to create legal hold notifications, add custodian details, and send notices to preserve legal hold-related documents. Legal Hold Notification is a new application in the Yokohama release.
            - [Contract Management Pro for Legal Service Delivery release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/snlc-cmpro-for-lsd-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Store Contract Management Pro for Legal Service Delivery application enables you to configure and automate the legal contract lifecycle by creating contract document templates, clauses, and clause variations. You can submit, review, finalize, and manage legal contract requests. The application also supports e-signatures and external storage systems. Contract Management Pro for Legal Service Delivery was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Now Assist for Legal Service Delivery (LSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-lsd-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Legal Service Delivery (LSD) application leverages generative AI capabilities to summarize a legal request or legal matter so that you understand the context, refresh the summary, and post the summary to the work notes. This summary helps you to understand the context faster. Now Assist for Legal Service Delivery (LSD) was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Employee Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/employee-center-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Employee Center application is a multi-department dynamic portal for service delivery and employee engagement. Employee Center was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ServiceNow Add-in for Microsoft 365 release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/sn-addin-for-ms365-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Add-in for Microsoft 365 provides an extensible framework to invoke multi-department service workflows in ServiceNowEmployee Center embedded in Microsoft 365 apps. ServiceNow Add-in for Microsoft 365 is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Journey designer release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/jny-dsgnr-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Journey designer application enables managers and employees to create and track journeys. Journeys include transition plans, such as promotions, offboarding, onboarding, and role changes for employees. Journey designer was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Mobile release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-mobile-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Mobile application enables your users and employees to submit incidents and requests, manage tasks, and access company resources from anywhere. Now Mobile was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) Release Notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/wsd-rn-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow Workplace Service Delivery application improves the employee workplace experience by automating workplace management and provides a single platform for all workplace services. Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) is enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/wsd-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) application enables agents to summarize case information, generate resolution notes, and summarize the chat information for an interaction. Your agents can understand the chat and case context and propose quicker resolutions to your customers. Now Assist for WSD was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Talent Development release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/employee-growth-development-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow Talent Development application enables managers and employees to identify and track career growth and development opportunities. It supports career growth through conversations, talking points, and ongoing development tracking. Talent Development was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Talent Development Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/talent-development-core-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Talent Development Core application supports an end-to-end process for individuals and managers to take control of their career growth and development plans. Talent Development Core was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Mentoring release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/mentoring-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Mentoring application offers improved networking opportunities and enables individuals to forge meaningful connections. Mentoring was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Skills Foundation release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/skills-intelligence-skill-harmonization-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Skills Foundation application provides an overview of skills-related data and enables admins to work on Job architecture data from a single location. Skills Foundation was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Talent Feedback release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/talent-feedback-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Talent Feedback application allows managers to request feedback on employee skills from the employee’s collaborators. Talent Feedback is a new application in the Yokohama release and is compatible with Xanadu and Washington DC releases.
          - [Opportunity Marketplace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/opportunity-marketplace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Opportunity Marketplace application transforms internal mobility, providing employees with a unified hub to explore career opportunities. Opportunity Marketplace was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Enterprise Architecture release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/enterprise-architecture-rn-landing.md) -- Enterprise Architecture (formerly Application Portfolio Management) has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Enterprise Architecture (formerly Application Portfolio Management) Release Notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/enterprise-architecture-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Enterprise Architecture application unites strategic and operational teams, enabling organizations to achieve their business objectives.Enterprise Architecture was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-ea-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) application introduces generative AI skills into the Enterprise Architecture Workspace. You can summarize Architectural Decision Records (ADR) in the Enterprise Architecture Workspace. Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) is a new application in the Yokohama release.
        - [Operational Sustainability Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/esg-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ESG Management application helps you to manage all your environmental, social, and governance (ESG) commitments. ESG Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Field Service Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/field-service-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Field Service Management application automates processes, enhances communication, and transforms field service delivery with AI-powered workflows to resolve customer needs efficiently, transparently, and proactively. Field Service Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Field Service Management (FSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-fsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for FSM application brings generative AI to Field Service Management. Now Assist for FSM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Financial Services Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/financial-services-operations-rn-landing.md) -- Financial Services Operations has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Dispute Rules Content Pack for Visa release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/dispute-rules-content-pack-for-visa-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Dispute Rules Content Pack for Visa application provides questionnaires for dispute-related information intake under various dispute categories according to Visa guidelines. Dispute Rules Content Pack for Visa was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Ethoca Spoke](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/ethoca-spoke-rn.md) -- The Ethoca Spoke connects ServiceNow to Ethoca APIs, enabling customers to handle dispute management and fraud prevention more efficiently and securely, reducing the need for chargebacks. Ethoca Spoke was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Financial Services Card Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/financial-services-card-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Financial Services Card Operations application supports dispute agents by providing the necessary data to expedite dispute resolutions and improve the overall experience. Financial Services Card Operations was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Financial Services Operations Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/financial-services-operations-core-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Financial Services Operations Core application provides a data model that enables financial institutions to create flexible data structures that meet their business needs. Financial Services Operations Core was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Financial Services Operations Integration with Visa release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/financial-services-operations-integration-with-visa-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Financial Services Operations Integration with Visa application enables you to seamlessly integrate with the workflow applications, such as the card operations dispute management playbook with Visa Resolve Online (VROL) subflows. Financial Services Operations Integration with Visa was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Insurance Claims Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/insurance-claims-core-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Insurance Claims Core application provides a generic claims data model and approval engine to create flexible data structures that meet your business needs. Insurance Claims Core was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Mastercard Spoke release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/mastercard-spoke-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Mastercard Spoke application enables the ServiceNow AI Platform to connect with the Mastercom API Suite and Mastercom Extended APIs, providing quick access to payment and dispute resolution services. Mastercard Spoke was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Financial Services Operations (FSO) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-financial-services-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Financial Services Operations (FSO) application brings generative and agentic AI to Financial Services Operations. Features include AI agents, case summarization, disputes intake via Virtual Agent, and support for third-party language models. Now Assist for FSO was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Visa Spoke release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/visa-spoke-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Visa Spoke enables the ServiceNow AI Platform to connect with the Visa Resolve Online (VROL) API suite and Visa Stop Payment Service (VSPS) APIs, providing seamless access to Visa's card, payment, and dispute resolution services. Visa Spoke was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Governance, Risk, and Compliance release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-rn-landing.md) -- Governance, Risk, and Compliance new and updated features in the Yokohama release
          - [Advanced Risk release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-advanced-risk-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Advanced Risk application enables you to identify, analyze, evaluate, treat, and monitor risks that could impact your organization in achieving its business objectives. Advanced Risk was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [AI Risk and Compliance release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-ai-risk-and-compliance-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Risk and Compliance application to manage your artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities ethically, mitigate AI risks, and ensure compliance. AI Risk and Compliance is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Audit Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-audit-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Audit Management application supports activities related to planning audit engagements, implementing engagements, and reporting findings to an audit committee. Audit Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Business Continuity Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-business-continuity-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Business Continuity Management application gives your organization the capability to continue to deliver products and services at an acceptable level when a disruptive incident occurs. Business Continuity Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Continuous Authorization and Monitoring release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-cam-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Continuous Authorization and Monitoring (CAM) application provides a standardized approach to defining an authorization package and walking through the seven stages of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Risk Management Framework (RMF). CAM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Common Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Integrated Risk Management (IRM) application enables your organization to continue to provide its business services during adverse operational events, such as a pandemic, extreme weather, or hacking. Integrated Risk Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Compliance Case Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-compliance-case-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Compliance Case Management application helps you to report, investigate, analyze, and resolve a compliance case or raise a compliance request in a centralized location. Compliance Case Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Operational Resilience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-or-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Resilience application supports organizations to help keep business services running during adverse events like pandemics, severe weather, or cyber attacks. Operational Resilience was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Policy and Compliance Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-policy-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Policy and Compliance Management application provides a centralized process for creating and managing policies, standards, and internal control procedures that are cross-mapped to external regulations and benchmarks. Policy and Compliance Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Privacy Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-privacy-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Privacy Management application enables you to manage your organization's privacy risks and compliance to protect your customers, employees, and suppliers. Privacy Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Regulatory Change Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-regulatory-change-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Regulatory Change Management application enables you to check upcoming regulatory changes, assess their impact, and implement risk and compliance-related changes. Regulatory Change Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Smart Assessment Engine release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-smart-assessment-engine-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Smart Assessment Engine (SAE) application is designed to streamline the creation, distribution, and management of assessments. It enables you to evaluate your assessors by creating customizable assessment templates with detailed instructions and questions. The Smart Assessment Engine enhances efficiency, helps reduce manual effort, and provides valuable insights for informed decision-making. SAE was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Third-party Risk Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-tprm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Third-party Risk Management (TPRM) application provides a centralized process for managing your portfolio of third parties and their engagements, assessing and scoring risk, and performing remediation. TPRM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Third-party Risk Management upgrade information](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/grc-tprm-upgrade-info.md) -- ServiceNow Third-party Risk Management application upgrade information for the Yokohama release.
        - [Healthcare and Life Sciences release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/healthcare-life-sciences-rn-landing.md) -- Healthcare and Life Sciences has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Care Team Operations for Biomed release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/cto-biomed-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Care Team Operations for Biomed application contains case types to report and fulfill biomed issues as part of Healthcare Operations. Care Team Operations for Biomed is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Care Team Operations for Healthcare IT release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/cto-it-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Care Team Operations for Healthcare IT application contains case types to report and fulfill healthcare IT issues as part of Healthcare Operations. Care Team Operations for Healthcare IT is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Healthcare Operations Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/healthcare-operations-core-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Healthcare Operations Core application provides the foundation to enable hospitals to streamline and automate their operations. Healthcare Operations Core is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Patient Support Services release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hcls-pss-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Patient Support Services application streamlines the patient onboarding, education, and engagement for various patient support services. This application is currently supported for the Yokohama release, but it will be deprecated in a future release.
          - [Pre-Visit Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hcls-pre-visit-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Pre-Visit Management application streamlines the scheduling process of procedure requests for patients and increases visibility to pre-authorization approvals prior to scheduled procedures. This application is currently supported for the Yokohama release, but it will be deprecated in a future release.
          - [Redox Inbound Integration release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hcls-redox-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Redox Inbound Integration application provides real-time bidirectional data exchange with external healthcare systems via the Redox platform​. The Redox Inbound Integration application is being prepared for deprecation, starting with the Yokohama release.
        - [Impact release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/impact-rn.md) -- ServiceNow Impact is a customer success product that helps you use the power of the AI Platform for your business transformation. Impact was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [IT Asset Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/it-asset-management-rn-landing.md) -- IT Asset Management has new and updated features in the Yokohama release
          - [Enterprise Asset Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/enterprise-asset-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Enterprise Asset Management application manages the entire life cycle of your enterprise's connected and non-connected assets, which enables you to maintain and maximize the life of your assets while minimizing any costly downtimes. Enterprise Asset Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Hardware Asset Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hardware-asset-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Hardware Asset Management application provides advanced workflow, automation, and mobile capabilities to track and manage your technology asset environment. Hardware Asset Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Software Asset Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/software-asset-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Software Asset Management application systematically tracks, evaluates, and manages the cost, utilization, compliance, and optimization for software and SaaS applications. The Software Asset Management application was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-ham-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) application brings agentic AI to Hardware Asset Management. Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-sam-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) application brings generative AI to IT Asset Management. Now Assist for SAM is a new application in the Yokohama release.
        - [IT Operations Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/it-operations-management-rn-landing.md) -- IT Operations Management has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [ITOM Cloud Accelerate release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/itom-cloud-accelerate-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITOM Cloud Accelerate application provides workflows to govern the provisioning and management of your cloud and on-premises virtual infrastructure. It leverages ServiceNow Orchestration and integrations with automation tools such as Ansible, Azure DevOps, and Terraform. ITOM Cloud Accelerate was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Cloud Account Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/itom-cloud-workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Cloud Account Management (CAM) application automates account creation, improves transparency, and integrates policy-based governance and certification processes, enhancing efficiency and control across multiple cloud platforms. Cloud Account Management is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [ITOM AIOps release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/itom-health-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITOM AIOps product helps you to keep track and maintain the health of the services in your organization. ITOM AIOps was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Agent Client Collector release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/agent-client-collector-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Agent Client Collector application enables you to monitor the service availability, performance, and infrastructure of your system. Agent Client Collector was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Event Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/event-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Event Management application helps you to identify health issues across the datacenter on a single management console. Event Management provides alert aggregation for discovered services, application services, and automated alert groups. Event Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Health Log Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/health-log-analytics-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Health Log Analytics application helps you predict IT issues before they impact users by ingesting, analyzing, and correlating machine-generated log data in real time. When Health Log Analytics detects a deviation from a normal pattern, it alerts you of a possible issue. Health Log Analytics was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Service Observability release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-observability-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Observability application helps operations teams triage and manage incidents in a complex and distributed production system. Service Observability combines telemetry and platform insights from multiple observability tools into a single workflow in the Service Operations Workspace (SOW). Service Observability is a new application in the Yokohama release.
            - [Service Reliability Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-reliability-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Reliability Management (SRM) application helps your organization respond, collaborate, track, and self-remediate when working on alerts and incidents. SRM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
            - [Synthetic monitoring release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/synthetic-monitoring-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow synthetic monitoring application in the Service Operations Workspace (SOW) empowers organizations to proactively manage and enhance the performance and availability of critical service endpoints. By simulating user transactions on HTTP endpoints, this solution identifies performance bottlenecks, helps ensure up-time, and optimizes user experiences. Synthetic monitoring is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [ITOM Optimization release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/itom-optimization-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITOM Optimization application automates the cloud workflows that you use to manage the cloud resources throughout their life cycles. You can also deploy certified and enterprise-compliant clouds, get visibility into your costs, and manage other cloud management processes. Cloud Provisioning and Governance was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ITOM Visibility release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/itom-visibility-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITOM Visibility application provides a unified, connected view of your entire IT infrastructure and the services that it supports. ITOM Visibility was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for IT Operations Management (ITOM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-itom-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for ITOM application brings generative AI to ITOM. Now Assist for ITOM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [AIOps LEAP release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/aiops-leap-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AIOps LEAP application uses AI driven insights to create standard and dynamic playbooks for quick incident resolution management. AIOps LEAP is a new application in the Yokohama release.
        - [IT Service Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/it-service-management-rn-landing.md) -- IT Service Management has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Benchmarks release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/benchmarks-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Benchmarks application gives you instant visibility into your key performance indicators (KPIs) and trends. Benchmarks was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Change Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/change-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Change Management application provides a tool for managing the life cycle of all changes in your organization, enabling rapid changes without compromising stability and governance. Change Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [DevOps Change Velocity release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/devops-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow DevOps Change Velocity application improves visibility into your DevOps data in a single system, automates and accelerates change processes, and helps you gain insights to measure the performance of your DevOps environment. DevOps Change Velocity was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Digital End-User Experience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/digital-end-user-experience-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Digital End-User Experience (DEX) solution is a cloud-based tool providing IT with comprehensive visibility and monitoring for user applications, networks, and devices. The DEX suite includes Application and Device Health, which helps IT resolve device and application issues proactively, and Desktop Assistant, which provides easy access to self-service options. Digital End-User Experience was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Digital Portfolio Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/digital-portfolio-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Digital Portfolio Management Workspace enables you to view and manage the full life cycle of your services and applications. Digital Portfolio Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Incident Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/incident-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Incident Management application restores normal service operations while minimizing the impact to business operations and maintaining quality. Incident Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ITSM Mobile Agent release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/itsm-mobile-agent-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITSM Mobile Agent app delivers base system, mobile-first experiences designed for IT agents to triage, act on, and resolve incidents on the go. ITSM Mobile Agent was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ITSM Predictive Intelligence Workbench release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/itsm-predictive-intelligence-workbench-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITSM Predictive Intelligence Workbench application provides prebuilt use case templates and guides you through your machine learning implementation to create intelligent IT Service Management (ITSM) business processes. ITSM Predictive Intelligence Workbench is deprecated starting with the Yokohama release.
          - [ITSM Success Dashboard release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/success-dashboard-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITSM Success Dashboard application provides insights into the IT leadership team and process owners that they can use to measure the performance of their ServiceNow IT Service Management ITSM implementation. ITSM Success Dashboard was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-itsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) application brings agentic AI to IT Service Management. Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [On-Call Scheduling release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/on-call-scheduling-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow On-Call Scheduling application helps you verify that dedicated support team members are available to resolve issues when they occur. On-Call Scheduling was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Problem Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/problem-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Problem Management application helps you identify the cause of errors in the IT infrastructure that are reported as occurrences of related incidents. Problem Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Request Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/request-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Request Management application enables catalog items to be requested and fulfilled based on defined flows. Request Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Service Level Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-level-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Level Management application helps to gather service requirements, monitor, and report the quality and speed of the services provided. Service Level Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Service Operations Workspace for ITSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-operations-workspace-itsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Operations Workspace application is a configurable workspace that provides a unified agent experience for multiple IT Service Management and IT Operations Management capabilities. Service Operations Workspace for IT Service Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Service Portfolio Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-portfolio-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Portfolio Management application enables you to plan, design, build, and implement your services, service offerings, and service portfolios. Service Portfolio Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Vendor Management Workspace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/vendor-management-workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Vendor Management Workspace application enables you to monitor the performance of your company's vendors and manage all vendor-related information from one location. This application is currently supported for the Yokohama release but some of the applications within Vendor Management Workspace will be deprecated in a future release.
          - [Workforce Optimization for ITSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/workforce-optimization-itsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workforce Optimization for ITSM application enables you to manage and maintain the productivity of your workforce from a single location. Workforce Optimization for ITSM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Site Reliability Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/site-reliability-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Site Reliability Operations application enables the enterprises to rely on digital services to deliver modern customer experiences. These digital services run on applications that need rapid development, testing, and production to deliver business outcomes. Site Reliability Operations was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Manufacturing Commercial Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/manufacturing-commercial-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Manufacturing Commercial Operations application enables you to manage the end-to-end life cycle of your products, subscriptions, and services. Manufacturing Commercial Operations was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Mobile Platform release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/mobile-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Mobile Platform application enables you to access your ServiceNow instance from anywhere. Mobile Platform was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Now Assist and agentic AI release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-rn-landing.md) -- Now Assist and agentic AI product enhancements and updates in the Yokohama release.
          - [AI Control Tower release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/ai-governance-rn.md) -- The ServiceNowAI Control Tower application provides a centralized workspace for AI stewards to manage and monitor AI within the enterprise. The AI Inventory, based on a unified AI asset data model on the ServiceNow AI Platform along with associated governance business processes are available in this workspace.
          - [Generative AI Controller release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/generative-ai-controller-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Generative AI Controller application enables you to use generative AI capabilities with third-party large language model (LLM) providers on the ServiceNow AI Platform. You can reduce complexity and enhance the user experience in your organization by generating and summarizing content, analyzing user sentiment, and writing unique prompts. Generative AI Controller was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Knowledge Graph release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/knowledge-graph-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Knowledge Graph enables you to create and manage knowledge graph schema for the out of the box (OOTB) integrations for Virtual Agent. Knowledge Graph is a new Now Assist platform capability in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist experience brings generative AI to your organization. You can improve productivity and efficiency by delivering better self-service, recommending actions, delivering answers, and providing your users with AI Search. Now Assist was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist AI agents release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-ai-agents-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist AI agents application provides solutions that can perceive the environment, decide, and proactively act to achieve specific goals without the need for constant human oversight. Now Assist AI agents is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for App Engine release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-app-engine-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for App Engine application enables creators to enhance custom applications with AI agents and skills that application users can leverage at runtime. Now Assist for App Engine is a new application in the Yokohama Patch 3 release.
          - [Now Assist for Collaborative Work Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-collaborative-work-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Collaborative Work Management (CWM) application uses generative AI skills to improve time to value for the tasks you perform in the CWM workspace. Now Assist for CWM is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Configuration Management Database (CMDB) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-cmdb-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for CMDB application displays comprehensive summaries for configuration items (CIs) and accelerates the process of remediating duplicate CIs. Now Assist for CMDB was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Creator release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-creator-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Creator application includes generative AI skills that can make developing on the ServiceNow AI Platform more efficient. Now Assist for Creator was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Customer Service Management (CSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for CSM application brings generative AI to Customer Service Management (CSM). You can improve productivity and efficiency by delivering better self-service, recommending actions, and delivering answers. Now Assist for CSM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-ea-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) application introduces generative AI skills into the Enterprise Architecture Workspace. You can summarize Architectural Decision Records (ADR) in the Enterprise Architecture Workspace. Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Field Service Management (FSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-fsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for FSM application brings generative AI to Field Service Management. Now Assist for FSM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Financial Services Operations (FSO) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-financial-services-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Financial Services Operations (FSO) application brings generative and agentic AI to Financial Services Operations. Features include AI agents, case summarization, disputes intake via Virtual Agent, and support for third-party language models. Now Assist for FSO was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-ham-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) application brings agentic AI to Hardware Asset Management. Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hr-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) application enables agents to summarize case information, generate resolution notes, and summarize the chat information for an interaction. Your agents can understand the chat and case context and propose quicker resolutions to your customers. Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for IT Operations Management (ITOM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-itom-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for ITOM application brings generative AI to ITOM. Now Assist for ITOM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-itsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) application brings agentic AI to IT Service Management. Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-otm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) application helps streamline processes in the Industrial Workspace related to your Operational Technology (OT) device data. Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Order Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Order Management application brings platform AI capabilities to Sales Customer Relationship Management. Now Assist for Order Management is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-sales-and-order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for SFA application brings platform AI capabilities to Sales Customer Relationship Management. Now Assist for SFA is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Security Incident Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-now-assist-security-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Security Incident Response application can help your security analysts resolve security incidents autonomously with intelligent workflows and generative AI skills. Now Assist for Security Incident Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-sam-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) application brings generative AI to IT Asset Management. Now Assist for SAM is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist Skill Kit release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/na-skill-kit-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist Skill Kit application enables AI developers to create custom skills and to have greater flexibility with Now Assist's generative AI capabilities. Now Assist Skill Kit was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-sam-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) application brings generative AI to IT Asset Management. Now Assist for SAM is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-source-to-pay-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations application includes generative AI skills that can make developing on the ServiceNow AI Platform more efficient. Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-spm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) application introduces generative AI skills into Strategic Portfolio Management. You can summarize feedback or content in Docs, create stories from epics, generate concise project summaries, create demands through conversations, quickly gain insights into projects, and refine planning item descriptions to enhance clarity and ensure alignment with project goals. Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) is updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-tmt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for TMT application enriches purpose-built industry workflows with generative AI to supercharge insights, actions, and self-service experiences. Now Assist for TMT was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/wsd-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) application enables agents to summarize case information, generate resolution notes, and summarize the chat information for an interaction. Your agents can understand the chat and case context and propose quicker resolutions to your customers. Now Assist for WSD was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist in AI Search release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-ais-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in AI Search application combines the power of search with the Now LLM Service agentic AI model to provide actionable AI-generated or AI-selected answers in user searches. Now Assist in AI Search was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist in Contract Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/cmpro-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Contract Management uses generative AI capabilities to analyze a contract for missing or non-standard clauses and conversational search to query documents using natural language. It also includes agentic AI capabilities that automatically extract metadata and obligations from signed contracts and calculate reminder dates for contract renewals or terminations. Now Assist in Contract Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist in Document Intelligence release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-document-intelligence-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Document Intelligence application uses generative AI to extract information from documents, summarize document content, and provide answers to predefined questions. Now Assist in Document Intelligence was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist in Platform Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-platform-analytics-rn.md) -- Now Assist for Platform Analytics consists of several skills and applications that let you generate and work with Platform Analytics objects through Generative AI. These skills let you analyze your business data through conversational interactions, without a technical knowledge of Platform Analytics.
          - [Now Assist in Virtual Agent release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-va-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Virtual Agent application uses generative AI skills in your conversational experiences. Now Assist in Virtual Agent uses large language models (LLMs) to create a natural-language conversational experience that can improve the success of your self-service workflows. Now Assist in Virtual Agent was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-now-assist-vulnerability-response-rn.md) -- The Now Assist for Vulnerability Response application can help your vulnerability analysts and remediation owners resolve vulnerable items autonomously with intelligent workflows and generative AI skills. Now Assist for Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ServiceNow AI Lens release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-lens-rn.md) -- With ServiceNow AI Lens, which is a ServiceNow Now Assist application, you can use generative AI to scan, extract, comprehend, and synthesize data to optimize your workflows. ServiceNow AI Lens is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist Skill Kit release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/na-skill-kit-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist Skill Kit application enables AI developers to create custom skills and to have greater flexibility with Now Assist's generative AI capabilities. Now Assist Skill Kit was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Operational Technology release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/operational-technology-rn-landing.md) -- Operational Technology has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Industrial Process Manager release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/industrial-process-manager-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Industrial Process Manager application enables your teams to map and visualize the industrial equipment models and associated production processes at individual facilities. Industrial Process Manager was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-otm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) application helps streamline processes in the Industrial Workspace related to your Operational Technology (OT) device data. Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Operational Technology Change Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/operational-technology-change-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Technology Change Management application enables engineers to implement changes to Operational Technology (OT) devices and production processes. Operational Technology Change Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Operational Technology Incident Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/operational-technology-incident-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Technology Incident Management application enables engineers to resolve Operational Technology (OT) device and production process issues. Operational Technology Incident Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Operational Technology Manager release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/operational-technology-manager-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Technology Manager application enables you to aggregate Operational Technology (OT) device data from multiple sources so that you can build the foundational data relationships in the Industrial solution. Operational Technology Manager was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Operational Technology Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/operational-technology-vulnerability-response-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Technology Vulnerability Response application enables you to prioritize Operational Technology (OT) vulnerabilities at a site level. Operational Technology Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Recommended Actions for Operational Technology Service Management (OTSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/recommended-actions-for-operational-technology-service-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Recommended Actions for Operational Technology Service Management (OTSM) allows you to set up and apply real-time actionable recommendations for speeding up the triage process and resolving issues quickly across various records in the Industrial Workspace, including Operational Technology (OT) incidents Recommended Actions for OTSM is a new feature in the Yokohama release.
          - [Service Graph Connector Integration for Claroty CTD release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-graph-connector-integration-with-claroty-ctd-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Graph Connector Integration for Claroty CTD application automates the import of detected devices and Claroty CTD sites. Service Graph Connector Integration for Claroty CTD was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Service Graph Connector for Microsoft Defender for IoT (Azure) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-graph-connector-for-microsoft-defender-for-iot-azure-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Graph Connector for Microsoft Defender for IoT (Azure) application automates the import of devices and sensor appliances. Service Graph Connector for Microsoft Defender for IoT (Azure) was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Vulnerability Response Integration with Claroty CTD release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/vulnerability-response-integration-with-claroty-ctd-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Vulnerability Response Integration with Claroty CTD application uses data that was imported from Claroty CTD to enable a risk-based action with the production process context. Vulnerability Response Integration with Claroty CTD was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Platform Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/analytics-intel-report-rn-landing.md) -- Platform Analytics has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist in Platform Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-platform-analytics-rn.md) -- Now Assist for Platform Analytics consists of several skills and applications that let you generate and work with Platform Analytics objects through Generative AI. These skills let you analyze your business data through conversational interactions, without a technical knowledge of Platform Analytics.
          - [Performance Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/performance-analytics-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow   Performance Analytics application is an in-platform process optimization solution. It enables  organizations to set, track, and analyze progress toward goals. Performance Analytics was enhanced  and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Platform Analytics experience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/platform-analytics-experience-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Platform Analytics experience provides a single center for consuming the data from all Platform Analytics products. Platform Analytics experience was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Process Mining release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/process-optimization-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Process Mining application enables analysts and process owners to view their business processes, analyze them, and make decisions that improve their processes. Process Mining was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Usage Insights release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/user-experience-analytics-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Usage Insights application enables you to monitor usage analytics of Next Experience web applications as well as Virtual Agent, ServiceNow mobile, and Service Portal applications. Usage Insights was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Public Sector Digital Services release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/public-sector-digital-services-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Public Sector Digital Services application enables government agencies to provide citizens, businesses, and other agencies with important services such as public records, licenses, permits, and social services. Public Sector Digital Services was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Retail release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rahi-retail-rn-landing.md) -- Retail has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Retail Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/retail-core-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Retail Core application empowers frontline managers and associates to seamlessly manage day-to-day store operations by automating tasks, resolving issues quickly with self-service, and freeing up time to better serve customers. Retail Core was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Retail Task Management Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/retail-task-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Retail Task Management Core application optimizes the planning, organizing, and assigning of tasks to staff in retail environments. Retail Task Management Core is a new application in the Yokohama release.
        - [Sales Customer Relationship Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/sales-order-management-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNowSales Customer Relationship Management Sales Customer Relationship Management is a set of new and updated applications and features in the Yokohama release. These applications enable you to manage the product sales life cycle in your organization, including leads, pre-sales opportunities, sales forecasting, sales quote generation, order capture, order fulfillment, and post-sales order changes and renewals.
          - [Lead Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/lead-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Lead Management application enables your sales development representatives to create and manage leads. Lead Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Order Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Order Management application brings platform AI capabilities to Sales Customer Relationship Management. Now Assist for Order Management is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-sales-and-order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for SFA application brings platform AI capabilities to Sales Customer Relationship Management. Now Assist for SFA is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Opportunity Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/opportunity-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Opportunity Management application enables your sales agents and account executives to create and manage opportunities that identify and track the potential sales for your customers. Opportunity Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Order Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/order-manangement-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Order Management application enables you to capture, manage, and fulfill product and service orders from enterprise customers. Order Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Partner Relationship Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/partner-relationship-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Partner Relationship Management application provides a unified workspace for sales, delivery, marketing and operations to help you manage the entire partner life cycle. Partner Relationship Management is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Product Catalog Management and Pricing Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/product-catalog-pricing-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sales Customer Relationship Management applications include the ServiceNow Product Catalog Management and ServiceNow Pricing Management features, which enable you to create and manage the product offerings, catalogs, pricing, and discounting strategies used in your organization. These foundational features were enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Quote Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/quote-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Quote Management application enables your sales agents to generate and manage sales quotes for your customers. Quote Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Sales Agreement Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/sales-agreement-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sales Agreement Management application enables you to capture the scope and conditions from a quote for future sales transactions over a specified period between a buyer and a seller. Sales Agreement Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Sales Forecasting release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/sales-forecasting-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sales Forecasting application enables you to project your future sales and revenue based on data from an opportunity pipeline. Sales Forecasting is a new application in the Yokohama release.
        - [Security Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/security-operations-rn-landing.md) -- Security Operations has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Application Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-app-vuln-resp-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Application Vulnerability Response application brings security and IT together to enable you to remediate your most critical vulnerabilities more quickly and efficiently. Application Vulnerability Response is included as part of the ServiceNow Vulnerability Response application. Application Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Configuration Compliance release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-cc-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Configuration Compliance application enables you to prioritize and remediate the most critical configuration-related vulnerabilities in your environment quickly and efficiently. Configuration Compliance was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Container Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-container-vuln-resp-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Container Vulnerability Response application brings security and IT together to enable you to remediate your most critical vulnerabilities more quickly and efficiently. Container Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Data Loss Prevention Incident Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-dlp-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Data Loss Prevention Incident Response application helps you to manage sensitive information for your customers such as financial and proprietary data, health records, or Social Security numbers. Data Loss Prevention Incident Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Security Incident Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-now-assist-security-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Security Incident Response application can help your security analysts resolve security incidents autonomously with intelligent workflows and generative AI skills. Now Assist for Security Incident Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-now-assist-vulnerability-response-rn.md) -- The Now Assist for Vulnerability Response application can help your vulnerability analysts and remediation owners resolve vulnerable items autonomously with intelligent workflows and generative AI skills. Now Assist for Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Security Incident Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-sir-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Security Incident Response (SIR) application helps your organization connect security and IT teams, respond faster and efficiently to threats, and view your organization's security posture. Security Incident Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Security Posture Control release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-security-posture-control-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Security Posture Control application provides cybersecurity teams with visibility into security tool coverage gaps and deviations from security tool configuration for their enterprise assets. Security Posture Control was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Threat Intelligence Security Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-tisc-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Threat Intelligence Security Center application empowers your organization to connect security and IT teams so you can respond faster and more efficiently to threats. Threat Intelligence Security Center was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-vuln-resp-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Vulnerability Response application brings security and IT together to enable you to remediate your most critical vulnerabilities more quickly and efficiently. Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Vulnerability Response integrations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/secops-vuln-resp-integrations-rn.md) -- Third-party integrations with the ServiceNow Vulnerability Response application help enrich your vulnerability data. The ServiceNow applications and third-party integrations that are compatible with the Vulnerability Response application were enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [ServiceNow AI Platform administration release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-platform-admin-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow AI Platform administration product enhancements and updates in the Yokohama release.
          - [Advanced AI Search Management Tools release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/advanced-ais-mgmt-tools-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Advanced AI Search Management Tools application helps AI Search administrators analyze search query traffic trends, review indexed record and configuration settings, and preview search query results. Advanced AI Search Management Tools was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [AI Search release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/ai-search-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Search application provides a consumer-grade search experience for ServiceNow AI Platform users. AI Search was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Application Manager release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/application-manager-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Application Manager enables you to install, update, and manage licensed applications and plugins for your instance. Application Manager was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [ServiceNow AI Platform core feature release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/core-platform-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ServiceNow AI Platform core features provide functionalities to applications and other parts of the ServiceNow AI Platform. The ServiceNow AI Platform core features were enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Data Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/data-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Data Management capabilities enable you to manage the growth of data in your instance. Data Management capabilities were enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Dynamic Translation release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/dynamic-translation-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Dynamic Translation application enables translation of user-generated text by using third-party translation service providers. Dynamic Translation was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [External Content Connectors release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/external-content-connectors-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow External Content Connectors application enables AI Search applications to search content and metadata from supported external source systems, such as Atlassian Confluence Cloud and Microsoft SharePoint Online. External Content Connectors was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Legacy Application Manager release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/legacy-application-manager-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Legacy Application Manager application enables administrators to install and manage applications. This application is currently supported for the Yokohama release, but it will be deprecated in a future release.
          - [Localization Workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/localization-workspace-rn.md) -- ServiceNowLocalization Workspace is a targeted translation management experience for content owners and translation fulfillers. With Localization Workspace you can manage and deliver multilingual content at scale. Localization Workspace is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Notifications release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/notifications-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Notifications application enables you to create, manage, and send custom notifications in workflows for important events, actions, and alerts. Notifications was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Subscription Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/subscription-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Subscription Management application enables you to manage your subscriptions proactively and monitor subscription usage on your instances. Subscription Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [System Update Sets release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/system-update-sets-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow System Update Sets application enables administrators to group a series of changes into a named set and then move them as a unit to other systems for testing or deployment. System Update Sets was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Upgrade Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrade-center-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Upgrade Center application helps you plan and manage your upgrades. Upgrade Center was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-platform-capabilities-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities were enhancements and updates in the Yokohama release.
          - [Advanced Work Assignment release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/awa-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) application automatically assigns work items to your agents based on their availability, capacity, and optionally, skills. Advanced Work Assignment was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Automated Test Framework release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/automated-test-framework-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Automated Test Framework enables you to create and run automated tests to confirm that your modified instance works after an upgrade, during application development, or when deploying instance configurations with update sets. Review failed test results to identify the changes that caused the failure and the changes that you should review. Automated Test Framework was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Configuration Management Database (CMDB) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/cmdb-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Configuration Management Database (CMDB) application stores data about the infrastructure of your organization. CMDB was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Document Services release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/document-services-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Document Services application provides a broad range of services that are related to document management, such as creating, maintaining, and converting documents, as well as integrating with third parties like Microsoft SharePoint. Document Services was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [MID Server release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/mid-server-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow MID Server application enables communication and data transfers between a ServiceNow instance and external applications, data sources, and services. MID Server was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Notify release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/notify-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Notify application provides support for SMS and voice channels on the ServiceNow AI Platform to communicate with customers. Notify was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Password Reset release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/password-reset-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Password Reset application enables you to set up your end users to reset and change their passwords either using self-service or with the help of a service desk agent. Password Reset was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Hermes Messaging Service release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/hermes-messaging-service-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Hermes Messaging Service application enables you to integrate your Apache Kafka environment with your ServiceNow instance. Hermes Messaging Service was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Knowledge Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/knowledge-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Knowledge Management application enables you to share knowledge articles that provide users with information for self-help, troubleshooting, and task resolution. Knowledge Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Instance Data Replication release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/instance-data-replication-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Instance Data Replication (IDR) application simplifies the data replication process between instances. Instance Data Replication was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Configuration Management Database (CMDB) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-cmdb-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for CMDB application displays comprehensive summaries for configuration items (CIs) and accelerates the process of remediating duplicate CIs. Now Assist for CMDB was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Service Catalog release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-catalog-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Catalog application provides a requester view of the available services and products offered by the departments within your organization. Service Catalog was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [ServiceNow AI Platform security release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-platform-security-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow AI Platform security product enhancements and updates in the Yokohama release.
          - [Authentication release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/authentication-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Authentication application supports many authentication mechanisms that enable you to validate the identity of users. Authentication was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Encryption Key Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/encryption-key-mgmt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Encryption Key Management application protects your data by using encryption, tightly controlled key access, National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) 800-57-based key life-cycle management, and FIPS 140-2-L3 key protection. Encryption Key Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Code Signing release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/code-signing-rn.md) -- The Code Signing application validates scripts and code that runs on your instance. Code Signing was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [identity-rn](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/identity-rn.md) -- 
          - [Data Privacy release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/data-privacy-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Data Privacy application enables you to classify sensitive data, remove personally identifiable information (PII) from user data in a production instance, and anonymize data in production and non-production instances. Data Privacy was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Domain Separation release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/domain-separation-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Domain Separation application enables you to separate data, processes, and administrative tasks into logically defined domains. Domain Separation was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Access Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/access-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Access Management provides robust tools to manage security data on the ServiceNow platform. It includes access control lists (ACLs), security attributes, contextual security manager, data filtration, and many more controls. These controls provide granular control and improve security for managing data access. Access Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [ServiceNow AI Platform user interface release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-platform-ui-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow AI Platform user interface product enhancements and updates in the Yokohama release.
          - [Adoption Services release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/adoption-services-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Adoption Services is a suite of solutions, both products and features, that provide user support and critical information when a user needs it most. Adoption Services was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Next Experience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/next-experience-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Next Experience application delivers an intuitive, personalized experience that enables your organization to drive productivity, improve engagement, and inspire learning with the ServiceNow AI Platform. Next Experience was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Service Portal release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-portal-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Portal application enables you to build mobile-friendly self-service experiences for your customers and employees with an easy-to-use, modular portal framework. Service Portal was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Theme Builder release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/theme-builder-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Theme Builder application enables you to tailor the visual experience for your users, helping to update the look and feel to match your brand. Theme Builder was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Workspace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workspace application provides agents, case managers, help desk professionals, and managers with tools to answer customer questions and resolve customer problems. Workspace was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Source-to-Pay Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/source-to-pay-operations-rn-landing.md) -- Source-to-Pay Operations has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Accounts Payable Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/accounts-payable-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Accounts Payable Operations application enables Accounts Payable specialists to analyze and process invoice and invoice cases. The generative AI capabilities are leveraged in invoice line mapping with purchase order line mapping. The Accounts Payable Operations was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Sourcing and Procurement Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/sourcing-procurement-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sourcing and Procurement Operations application enables you to search punchout products, track procurement requests, browse punchout and native catalog items, and complete checkout with accurate product category and unit mappings. Sourcing and Procurement Operations was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Supplier Lifecycle Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/supplier-lifecycle-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Supplier Lifecycle Operations application enables you to quickly onboard and collaborate with suppliers, manage supplier relationships, monitor risk, compliance, and performance across the supplier life cycle. Supplier Lifecycle Operations was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-source-to-pay-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations application includes generative AI skills that can make developing on the ServiceNow AI Platform more efficient. Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Strategic Portfolio Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/it-business-management-rn-landing.md) -- Strategic Portfolio Management (formerly IT Business Management) has new and updated features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Collaborative Work Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/collaborative-work-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Collaborative Work Management (CWM) application provides a central hub to plan, visualize, and collaborate on work with team members across your organization. CWM was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Data Separation release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/data-separation-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Data Separation application enables organizations to restrict access to sensitive data based on a lens hierarchy and its leaf node.
          - [Now Assist for Collaborative Work Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-collaborative-work-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Collaborative Work Management (CWM) application uses generative AI skills to improve time to value for the tasks you perform in the CWM workspace. Now Assist for CWM is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-spm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) application introduces generative AI skills into Strategic Portfolio Management. You can summarize feedback or content in Docs, create stories from epics, generate concise project summaries, create demands through conversations, quickly gain insights into projects, and refine planning item descriptions to enhance clarity and ensure alignment with project goals. Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) is updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Portfolio Planning release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/portfolio-planning-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Portfolio Planning application helps you enhance traditional product and portfolio management by visualizing the alignment of work with organizational objectives. Portfolio Planning was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Project Portfolio Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/project-portfolio-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Project Portfolio Management application enables you to create and manage a wide range of planning items ranging from a few small tasks to large portfolios of projects. Project Portfolio Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Project Workspace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/project-workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Project Workspace application provides an intuitive user experience that enables project managers to plan and manage their projects. Project Workspace was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Resource Management Workspace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/resource-management-workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Resource Management Workspace application provides resource managers with a more efficient way to work with a dedicated workspace to view and manage resource assignments. Resource Management Workspace was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Strategic Planning release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/strategic-planning-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Strategic Planning application helps you accomplish end-to-end planning using a single workspace. Strategic Planning was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
        - [Telecommunications, Media, and Technology release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/technology-industry-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow Telecommunications, Media, and Technology has new and updated applications and features in the Yokohama release.
          - [Customer Success Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/account-lifecycle-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Customer Success Management application helps you to streamline your onboarding process, define and track objectives and outcomes, identify and mitigate risks, and increase renewal rates. Customer Success Management was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-tmt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for TMT application enriches purpose-built industry workflows with generative AI to supercharge insights, actions, and self-service experiences. Now Assist for TMT was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Proactive Service Experience Workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/proactive-service-experience-workflows-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Proactive Service Experience Workflows helps your technical support teams identify your impacted customers, communicate directly with them, escalate a case if needed, and auto-generate cases for faster issue resolution. Proactive Service Experience Workflows was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Service Exchange release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/service-bridge-rn.md) -- ServiceNow Service Exchange will be renamed for the 2026 Australia release and will maintain the same functionality. This application enables providers and consumers to connect and track services directly between instances without having to configure and maintain custom integrations. Service Exchange was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Strategic Portfolio Management for Telecom release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/strategic-portfolio-management-for-tmt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Strategic Portfolio Management for Telecom is a product that inherits all features of Strategic Portfolio Management with the addition of two templates for Fiber Rollout and 5G Projects. Strategic Portfolio Management for Telecommunications is a new application in the Yokohama release.
          - [Telecommunications Network Inventory release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/telecommunications-network-inventory-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecommunications Network Inventory application enables a network planner to model the physical, logical, or virtual network and perform design and assign services based on those network models. Telecommunications Network Inventory was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release.
          - [Telecommunications Service Operations Management (TSOM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/telecommunications-service-operations-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecommunications Service Operations Management (TSOM) application enables you to monitor the health of your networks and services so that you can prevent potential downtime. Telecommunications Service Operations Management (TSOM) was enhanced and updated in the Yokohama release by adding a new capability called TSOM Visibility, which includes Telecom Discovery and Reconciliation functionality.
      - [Release notes summaries for Yokohama features](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/release-notes-summaries.md) -- Consolidated release notes information for new and updated Yokohama features.
        - [Highlights for all Yokohama features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-highlights.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on highlights of Yokohama features and products.
        - [Upgrade information for all Yokohama features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-upgrade-info.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on upgrade information for Yokohama features and products.
        - [New features and products in Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-new-features.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on new Yokohama features and products.
        - [Changes to Yokohama features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-changes.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on changes to Yokohama features and products.
        - [Removed features and products in Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-removed-features.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on features that were removed from Yokohama features and products.
        - [Deprecation information for all Yokohama features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-deprecated-info.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on deprecation information for Yokohama features and products.
        - [Activation information for all Yokohama features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-activation-info.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on activation information for Yokohama features and products.
        - [Additional requirements for all Yokohama features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-addtl-reqs.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on additional requirements for Yokohama features and products.
        - [Browser requirements for all Yokohama features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-browser-reqs.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on browser requirements for Yokohama features and products.
        - [Accessibility information for all Yokohama features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-accessibility.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on accessibility information for Yokohama features and products. Some products have specific accessibility information or exceptions.
        - [Product localization information in Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-localization.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on new Yokohama features and products.
      - [Changes to plugins in the Yokohama release](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Deprecated plugins](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins planned for deprecation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Renamed and changed plugins](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins in maintenance mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
    - [Release notes for upgrading from Washington DC](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-n-2-landing-page.md) -- When you upgrade from the Washington DC release, understand the fixes in each release version, notable changes for the user interface, browser support, plugin updates, and each feature's upgrade and migration tasks if applicable.
      - [Combined product release notes for upgrades from Washington DC to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-washingtondc-combined-release-notes.md) -- To help you upgrade from Washington DC to Yokohama, we have combined the cross-family release notes for each product onto one page. Select the products you have to customize the release notes results.
      - [Changes to plugins from Washington DC to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Deprecated plugins from Washington DC to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins planned for deprecation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Renamed and changed plugins from Washington DC to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins in maintenance mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
    - [Release notes for upgrading from Vancouver](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-n-3-landing-page.md) -- When you upgrade from the Vancouver release, understand the fixes in each release version, notable changes for the user interface, browser support, plugin updates, and each feature's upgrade and migration tasks if applicable.
      - [Combined product release notes for upgrades from Vancouver to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-vancouver-combined-release-notes.md) -- To help you upgrade from Vancouver to Yokohama, we have combined the cross-family release notes for each product onto one page. Select the products you have to customize the release notes results.
      - [Changes to plugins from Vancouver to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-v-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Vancouver to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Deprecated plugins from Vancouver to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-v-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Vancouver to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins planned for deprecation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-v-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Vancouver to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Renamed and changed plugins from Vancouver to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-v-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Vancouver to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins in maintenance mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-v-to-y.md) -- Before you upgrade from Vancouver to Yokohama, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
    - [Personalized PRB release notes for upgrades to Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-summary-fixes.md) -- If you are thinking about upgrading to the Yokohama family, problem (PRB) fixes can be an important factor in your upgrade plans. Compare the lists of fixed problems across various Yokohama upgrade scenarios to help you decide which release version to upgrade to.
    - [Available patches and hotfixes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/available-versions.md) -- The Yokohama family includes patches and hotfixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 13 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-13-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 13 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 13 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-13-hf-1.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 13 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 13](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-13.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 13 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 12 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-12-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 12 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 12 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-12-hf-1.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 12 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 12](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-12.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 12 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 11 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-11-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 11 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 11 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-11-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 11 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 11](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-11.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 11 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 10 Hotfix 2b](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-10-hf-2b.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 10 Hotfix 2b release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 10 Hotfix 2a](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-10-hf-2a-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 10 Hotfix 2a release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 10](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-10.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 10 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 9 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-9-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 9 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 9](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-9.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 9 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 8 Hotfix 4](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-8-hf-4-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 8 Hotfix 4 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 8 Hotfix 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-8-hf-3-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 8 Hotfix 3 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 8 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-8-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 8 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 8 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-8-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 8 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 8](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-8.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 8 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 6](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-7-hf-6-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 6 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 5](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-7-hf-5-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 5 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 4](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-7-hf-4-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 4 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-7-hf-3-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 3 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-7-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 7 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 7](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-7.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 7 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 6 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-6-hf-2.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 6 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 6 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-6-hf-1.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 6 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 6](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-6.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 6 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 5 Hotfix 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-5-hf-3-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 5 Hotfix 3 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 5 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-5-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 5 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 5 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-5-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 5 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 5](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-5.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 5 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 4 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-4-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 4 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 4 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-4-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 4 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 4](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-4.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 4 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 3 Hotfix 4](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-3-hf-4-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 3 Hotfix 4 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 3 Hotfix 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-3-hf-3-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 3 Hotfix 3 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 3 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-3-hf-2.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 3 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 3 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-3-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 3 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-3.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 3 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 2 Hotfix 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-2-hf-3-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 2 Hotfix 3 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 2 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-2-hf-2.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 2 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 2 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-2-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 2 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-2.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 2 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama Patch 1b Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-1b-hf-1.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 1b Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama Patch 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-1.md) -- The Yokohama Patch 1 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Yokohama EA Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-patch-0-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Yokohama EA Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Yokohama security and notable fixes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-security-notables.md) -- The Yokohama release contains important problem fixes.
      - [All other Yokohama fixes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/yokohama-all-other-fixes.md) -- The Yokohama release contains important problem fixes.
    - [Browser support](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/browser-support.md) -- Browser support varies for each version of the user interface (UI). Some features have additional browser requirements, which are noted in the appropriate documentation.
    - [Accessibility and conformance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/r_Accessibility508Compliance.md) -- View a summary of accessibility updates and improvements completed for the Yokohama family release. Learn which Voluntary Product Accessibility Template (VPAT) was used to create Accessibility Conformance Reports (ACRs) for ServiceNow products and where to access them.
  - [Prepare your upgrade](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/rn-prepare-landing-page.md) -- Before each upgrade, refresh your memory on general upgrade information, learn which important pre- and post- upgrade tasks apply to your upgrade, and learn how to use ServiceNow products and tools to make your experience easier.
    - [ServiceNow upgrades](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrade.md) -- The upgrade process moves your instance to a new ServiceNow release version. Understand the difference between upgrading and patching, release definitions, rollback and backup options, and how to test your non-production and production instance upgrades.
    - [Pre- and post-upgrade tasks for various products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrade-and-migration-tasks.md) -- In preparation for your upgrade, review the upgrade and migration tasks for various applications and features. Plan to complete these tasks, when applicable, before or after the upgrade is complete.
    - [Upgrade planning checklist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-planning-checklist.md) -- Plan and track the activities related to your ServiceNow instance upgrade. To help ensure that you complete all the tasks for a successful upgrade, follow the step-by-step instructions in the upgrade planning checklist to track and plan the upgrade.
    - [Upgrade tools and resources](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrade-tools.md) -- Learn about ServiceNow products and tools that can improve your upgrade experience.
    - [Upgrades and the ServiceNow Store](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-store.md) -- The ServiceNow Store includes official applications that are developed and released by ServiceNow. Users can download, access, and configure Yokohama apps on their instances. Store application versions can be upgraded when you upgrade your instance to a new release version.
  - [Upgrade to the Yokohama release](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-overview.md) -- Upgrading and patching your instance requires planning, testing, and validation. To ensure a safe and effective upgrade, read the release notes, create upgrade plans, and test your upgrade on non-production instances before upgrading your production instance.
    - [Phase 1 - Read the release notes and plan your upgrade](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-1.md) -- Before you begin the upgrade process, it is essential to read the release notes for your target version so you understand the required upgrade and migration tasks. This information helps you plan a safe and effective upgrade.
    - [Phase 2 - Prepare for the development instance upgrade](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-2.md) -- For a better understanding of your production upgrade duration, request a full clone of your production instance (including large tables and attachments) onto a non-production instance. Confirm your current and target release versions, because you will later use this information when scheduling your upgrade in Now Support.
    - [Phase 3 - Verify your upgrade configurations and schedule the development instance upgrade in Now Support](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-3.md) -- Check the configuration of the Check distribution for possible upgrade scheduled job to view how often and when it runs. Review information about timing your upgrade in coordination with the Check distribution for possible upgrade scheduled job. Then, schedule your upgrade in Now Support.
    - [Phase 4 - Upgrade and validate the development instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-4.md) -- Track the progress of your upgrades with the Upgrade Monitor. For your first non-production instance upgrade (your development instance), use the Upgrade Monitor to process the skipped list of records that were not addressed in the upgrade. Then identify your update sets and perform functional testing.
    - [Phase 5 - If applicable: Upgrade and validate your other non-production instances, such as your test instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-5.md) -- After you've configured and refined your development instance, request to upgrade any other non-production instances you have, such as a test instance. Immediately after the upgrade is complete, apply the post-upgrade changes made to your development instance, including activating optional plugins, installing and upgrading applications, and applying update sets.
    - [Phase 6 - Prepare to upgrade the production instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-6.md) -- After you have configured and refined your test environment to be a good representation of your production environment, prepare to upgrade your production instance.
    - [Phase 7 - Upgrade the production instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/yokohama/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-7.md) -- After you have upgraded your development, non-production, and test instances, upgrade your production instance last. Then validate that the upgrade was complete, apply update sets and fix scripts, and perform post-upgrade user acceptance testing (UAT).
