---
title: Upgrade information for all Xanadu features and products
description: Cumulative release notes summary on upgrade information for Xanadu features and products.
locale: en-US
release: xanadu
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2026-04-08"
reading_time_minutes: 19
breadcrumb: [Release notes summaries for Xanadu features, Release notes for upgrading from Washington DC, Learn about the Xanadu release, Xanadu release notes]
---

# Upgrade information for all Xanadu features and products

Cumulative release notes summary on upgrade information for Xanadu features and products.

Before you upgrade to Xanadu, review the upgrade information for any products you may have. Some products require you to complete specific tasks before you upgrade.

<table id="rn-summary-upgrade-info-table" class="custom-rows"><thead><tr><th class="filter">

Application or feature

</th><th>

Details

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

AI Search

</td><td>

[Xanadu Patch 3](../quality/xanadu-patch-3.md):

-   After you upgrade to Xanadu Patch 3 from an earlier release, make knowledge block content searchable by reindexing all your indexed sources that include knowledge articles. For details on reindexing, see [Perform a full table index or reindex for a single AI Search indexed source](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=index-single-source-ais&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-platform-administration&ft:locale=en-US) or [Perform a full table index or reindex for multiple AI Search indexed sources](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=index-multiple-sources-ais&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-platform-administration&ft:locale=en-US).

Xanadu:

After you upgrade to Xanadu from an earlier release, perform the following steps to add the Dashboards, data visualizations, and KPIs navigation tabs to global search results in AI Search for Next Experience:

1.  Update the AI Search for Next Experience ServiceNow Store application to version 4 or later. For update instructions, see [Install an update to a ServiceNow Store application](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=t_InstallUpdates&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-platform-administration&ft:locale=en-US).
2.  Commit the update set provided in the [AI Search for Next Experience 4.0 PAR tables update sets \(KB1644544\)](https://support.servicenow.com/kb_view.do?sysparm_article=KB1644544) article in the Now Support Knowledge Base. To learn more about update sets, see [System update sets](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=system-update-sets&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-application-development&ft:locale=en-US).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Accounts Payable Operations

</td><td>

If you are upgrading from a previous release, you must configure the reference field in the Tax Code \[sn\_fin\_tax\_code\] table. The exception engine validates the invoice using the tax code and raises exceptions if necessary.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Analytics, Intelligence, and Reporting

</td><td>

If you are upgrading, you can use the Platform Analytics Migration Center to take advantage of a single set of visualizations and unified filters for all data sources.

</td></tr><tr><td>

App Engine Studio

</td><td>

Due to a new process for assigning groups in App Engine Management Center \(AEMC\), ensure you have the same version of the Application Intake plugin installed on each of your instances.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Application Vulnerability Response

</td><td>

-   For information about the new features of Vulnerability Response, see [Vulnerability Response release notes](../security-operations/secops-vuln-resp-rn.md).
-   For more information about the released versions of the Application Vulnerability Response application as well as the third-party and ServiceNow applications that are compatible with the Xanadu release, see the [Vulnerability Response Compatibility Matrix and Release Schema Changes \[KB0856498\]](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0856498) article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Assessments and Surveys

</td><td>

Update the Automated Test Framework \(ATF\) tests, if you're upgrading to Xanadu from any version prior to Utah. In the Utah release, all the buttons on the assessments or surveys cards have been removed. To run ATF tests successfully, the Click the Take Survey button step must be replaced with the Click the Survey card step for all tests that have this step.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Business Continuity Management

</td><td>

The relationship tables introduced in the plan records are generated by the **Update BCP dependencies snapshot** scheduled job. After upgrading to the Xanadu release, you can view these tables only after the scheduled job has run or by manually selecting the **Update dependencies** button.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Case management for CSM

</td><td>

The customer service manager role \[sn\_customerservice\_manager\] includes the approver user role \[approver\_user\]. The approver user role replaces the approval admin role \[approval\_admin\]. Users with the customer service manager role can approve the approval requests that are assigned to them.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Cloud Cost Management 8.0.0

</td><td>

On upgrading to Cloud Cost Management 8.0 version, the new Tag Category **AI Service** is available for Amazon Web Services \(AWS\), Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform \(GCP\) service providers. Because Cloud Cost Management executes the Billing Download job only from the current month onwards, the spend on AI services will be included only for the current month. If you want to view the billing details for the months prior to the current month, you must manually execute the Billing Download job. Once the Billing Download job is executed successfully, you can view the spend data of your AI services.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Configuration Management Database \(CMDB\)

</td><td>

-   Before the upgrade to Xanadu, the ‘Updated CIs’ and ‘Updated application services’ trend lines in the Recent CI activity and Recent application services activities tiles on the Management view in CMDB Workspace, might not have accurately reflected on changes in your system. After upgrading to Xanadu and to versions 5.5, 6.2, or 7.2 of CMDB Workspace, those trend lines will reflect on the more accurate detection of updated CIs and updated application services.
-   CMDB Health:

If either the **CMDB Health Dashboard - Relationship Compliance Processor** or **CMDB Health Dashboard - Relationship Score Calculation** dashboard job is active, that job is deactivated during the upgrade to Xanadu. After the upgrade is complete, you can reactivate those jobs to resume health reports for CI relationships. The active state of all other CMDB Health dashboard jobs is retained.

Any failure threshold for a KPI or metric that is greater than 100,000, is set to 100,000 during upgrade. This upper limit is enforced to avoid excessive processing when a large number of CIs are failing the specified metric tests.

-   Bookmarks for the CI dashboard no longer work after an upgrade to Xanadu. A `Page not found` error message appears. To see CMDB Health reports for a CI, open the CI form in CMDB Workspace.
-   The legacy Application Service Dashboard on Core UI isn't supported in the Xanadu release. After upgrading, you can still access that legacy dashboard by using a previously created bookmark. You can also instead access the Application Services dashboard in CMDB Workspace from the Application services tile in the Insights view in CMDB Workspace.
-   The CMDB Integrations Dashboard on Core UI isn't supported in the Xanadu release. After upgrading, you can still access that legacy dashboard by using a previously-created bookmark.
-   All records that exist in the CMDB Health Result \[cmdb\_health\_result\] table before an update to Xanadu Patch 5, are deleted during the upgrade.

To access a legacy dashboard on an upgraded instance, navigate to **All** &gt; **Self-Service** &gt; **Dashboards** and then search for the dashboard.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Data Management

</td><td>

A data management policy record is automatically created for each table that is configured with an archive rule or a table cleaner rule prior to the upgrade.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Data Privacy

</td><td>

Licensing changes enable you to install Data Discovery, Data Discovery APIs, Data Anonymization, and Data Privacy APIs without an entitlement, but you must have an entitlement to run a job.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Decision tables in Workflow Studio

</td><td>

Workflow Studio is automatically installed on your instance. However, Workflow Studio is a ServiceNow Store application, so to get the latest features, you must update your version manually to the most recent version. As of Washington DC Patch 3, updating Workflow Studio automatically updates all its application dependencies such as Workflow Studio, playbook, and Decision Builder. You can no longer see or update the individual application dependencies of Workflow Studio from the ServiceNow Store or the list of plugins.

</td></tr><tr><td>

DevOps Change Velocity

</td><td>

If you are an upgrading customer, you must run the **ReConfigure Bitbucket Server Repositories for PullRequest** job to re-configure your existing Bitbucket Server or Bitbucket Data Center repositories so that pull request records can be imported. You can navigate to **All &gt; System Definition &gt; Scheduled Jobs** to search for this job and run it.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Digital End-User Experience

</td><td>

-   For information about DEX data migration, see the [KB1646364](https://support.servicenow.com/kb_view.do?sysparm_article=KB1646364) article in the HI Knowledge Base.
-   To upgrade your DEX Desktop Assistant, do the following:
    1.  Install the latest version of the Desktop Assistant in your instance.
    2.  With admin rights, re-install the Desktop Assistant on your local machine even if you have the latest version.

</td></tr><tr><td>

External Content Connectors

</td><td>

Beginning with version 2 of the External Content Connectors application, external content connectors implement semantic vector indexing for crawled items. When you upgrade to a version that supports semantic vector indexing, your existing connectors will reindex all previously retrieved items the next time they're visited by a crawl, even if those items' content is unchanged. To force semantic vector indexing of your external content items as soon as possible after upgrading, cancel any running crawls, then restart the canceled crawls manually.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Field Service Management

</td><td>

Effective March 1, 2025, Google has designated the Places API, Directions API, and Distance Matrix API as Legacy services. The newer versions of these services are Places API \(New\) and Routes API. You can’t enable or generate new API keys for these legacy services. However, you can continue using these services with the existing API keys. If you need to create a new Google API key after March 1, 2025, you must enable the new APIs from Google Console and upgrade to Xanadu Patch 9 version or higher to ensure compatibility.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Flows, subflows, and actions in Workflow Studio

</td><td>

After upgrading, users who previously had the fd\_read\_operations role will now see only basic execution details such as the run state and duration. This restriction prevents users with this role from seeing sensitive information in execution details. To provide read access to all execution details such as input configuration and runtime values, grant the user the new role fd\_read\_operations\_all.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Goal Framework for SPM

</td><td>

After upgrading to Goal Framework for SPM v2.3.0, run the **Migrate BreakdownInterval To Checkinfrequency** scheduled job. This scheduled job migrates the existing values in the **Review frequency** and **Breakdown interval** fields to the **Check-in frequency** field in the target records. For more information on how these values are migrated for targets with different values, see [Target breakdowns migration](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=target-breakdowns-migration&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-it-business-management&ft:locale=en-US).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Hardware Asset Management 11.0.0

</td><td>

After upgrading to Xanadu, you can view both the Core UI Performance Analytics dashboards and the Next Experience Platform Analytics dashboards for Hardware Asset Management.

**Note:** While migrating the Core UI Performance Analytics dashboards to the Next Experience Platform Analytics dashboards, auto-migration is disabled by default to avoid duplicate dashboards.

</td></tr><tr><td>

ITOM AIOps

</td><td>

Enhance your application service mapping by installing the App Service Extension app from the ServiceNow® Store.

</td></tr><tr><td>

ITOM Optimization

</td><td>

Enhance your application service mapping by installing the App Service Extension app from the ServiceNow® Store.

</td></tr><tr><td>

ITOM Visibility

</td><td>

For an improved Service Mapping experience, install Service Mapping Plus version 1.13.0 from the ServiceNow® Store.

Enhance your application service mapping by installing the App Service Extension app from the ServiceNow® Store.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Industrial Process Manager

</td><td>

The Industrial Process Manager application now has a dependency with the Operational Technology Service Management applications, which include Operational Technology Incident Management and Operational Technology Change Management. To install Industrial Process Manager on your instance, one of the following SKUs is required:

-   Operational Technology Visibility SKU
-   Operational Technology Service Management SKU
-   Any custom SKU that entitles Industrial Process Manager

</td></tr><tr><td>

MID Server

</td><td>

For the latest MID Server system requirements, see [MID Server system requirements](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=r_MIDServerSystemRequirements&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-servicenow-platform&ft:locale=en-US). The minimum JRE version supported is 11.0.9 and the recommended version is 11.0.16.1.

If you have installed your own JRE, the upgrade process takes the following actions to verify that the MID Server uses a supported JRE:

-   If a MID Server is using an unsupported version of the JRE when it upgrades, the upgrade process displays a warning message with the minimum and recommended JRE version.
-   If a supported JRE is running on the MID Server host, the upgraded MID Server uses that version.

All MID Server host machines require access to the download site at `install.service-now.com` to enable auto-upgrades. For additional details, read how the system manages [MID Server upgrades](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=c_UpgradeAndTestMIDServer&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-servicenow-platform&ft:locale=en-US).

Only one Windows MID Server service is permitted according to executable path. Upgraded Windows MID Servers that have multiple services pointing to the same installation folder can’t start. See [MID Server fails to start](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=mid-startup-fails&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-servicenow-platform&ft:locale=en-US) for more information.

For more information about MID Server upgrades, see the following topics:

-   [MID Server pre-upgrade check](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=c_UpgradeAndTestMIDServer&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-servicenow-platform&ft:locale=en-US): Describes how the AutoUpgrade monitor tests the ability of the MID Server to upgrade on your system before the actual upgrade.
-   [Upgrade the MID Server manually](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=c_UpgradeAndTestMIDServer&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-servicenow-platform&ft:locale=en-US): Describes how to upgrade your MID Servers manually.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Now Assist

</td><td>

If you customized UI actions or other items that are associated with Now Assist skills, confirm that your customized code is updated with the new skill releases. Otherwise, certain functions may not work as expected.

If you run into issues when you're upgrading a Now Assist product, see [KB1637452: Issues and mitigation for Now Assist \(Generative AI\) Applications and Plugin updates](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB1637452). You may need to log in to view the article.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management \(HAM\)

</td><td>

Only users with the procurement\_user role can access the Help manage hardware asset requests agentic workflow including the following AI agents:

-   Hardware asset management sourcing AI agent
-   Transfer order creation AI agent
-   Purchase order creation AI agent

</td></tr><tr><td>

Now Assist for Security Operations

</td><td>

For more information about required applications for Now Assist for Vulnerability Response, see [Supporting information for Now Assist for Vulnerability Response](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=supporting-information-now-assist-vr&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-security-management&ft:locale=en-US). For more information about required applications for Now Assist for Security Incident Response, see [Supporting information for Now Assist for Security Incident Response](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=supporting-information-now-assist-security-incident&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-security-management&ft:locale=en-US).

The AI Search application must be enabled so that the Recommended Actions skill works for security incidents. To verify AI Search is enabled on your instance, navigate to **All** &gt; **AI Search** &gt; **AI Search Status**. Contact support if the page indicates AI Search is not enabled.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Order Management

</td><td>

Features introduced in the Xanadu release aren't supported in earlier releases of Order Management.

If you’re upgrading from Order Management for Telecommunications and Media version 6.0 or earlier:

-   Starting with the  Washington DC release, the  Monthly Recurring Charges  \(MRC\) and the  Non-Recurring Charges  \(NRC\) for product offerings and product attribute characteristics are no longer stored in the product offering data model. Instead, the MRC and NRC are stored in the Pricing data model in price lists and price list lines. If you want to upgrade your pricing information to use price lists after upgrading to  Washington DC, see the  [Price Management Plugin \(com.sn\_csm\_pricing\) uptake for Telecommunications, Media, and Technology customers upgrading to Washington \[KB1585863\] ](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB1585863) article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.
-   After upgrading to the  Xanadu release, a fix script runs automatically to deactivate certain telecommunications list records that are no longer needed to resume the capture of an unfinished order. For more information on these records and using the former order capture process, see the  [Deprecating Telco List for Order Capture \[KB1586538\] ](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB1586538) article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.

If you’re an upgrade customer who uses the **contract start date** and **contract end date** fields and has records, you can migrate those records to the latest data model by running the **Migrate data from deprecated contract fields to new fields on Order and Order Lines** scheduled job. This scheduled job must be manually executed by navigating to **System Definitions** &gt; **Scheduled Jobs**. For more information on scheduled jobs, see [Scheduled jobs](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=c_ScheduledJobs&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-platform-administration&ft:locale=en-US).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Platform Analytics experience

</td><td>

New customers: The Platform Analytics experience is automatically available on the ServiceNow AI Platform. It offers an intuitive interface to help you better understand and utilize your data.

Upgrading customers: If you are currently using Core UI responsive dashboards, you will continue to have access without any disruption. Consider transitioning to the Platform Analytics experience to take full advantage of the new capabilities.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Playbooks in Workflow Studio

</td><td>

After you upgrade to Xanadu, update the Playbooks and Workflow Studio applications in the ServiceNow Store.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Product Catalog Management and Pricing Management

</td><td>

If you’re using the extension point **sn\_csm\_pricing.PricingAdjustmentsExtensionPoint** for pricing adjustments, change the default pricing plan \(introduced in the November 2024 release\) after upgrading. The pricing plan steps for the Configuration Component Price Adjustment and Standard Price Adjustment matrices are not applicable. As pricing admin or manager, remove the steps for these matrices from the default pricing plan.

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Pricing** &gt; **Pricing Plans**.
2.  Select the published Default Pricing Plan.
3.  Select **Copy**.
4.  In the pricing plan copy, go to the Pricing Plan steps related list.
5.  Select the rows for the Apply configuration component adjustments step \(Sequence 50\) and the Apply contextual adjustments step \(Sequence 60\) and select **Delete** in the Actions on selected rows menu.
6.  Select **Update**.
7.  Publish the pricing plan copy.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Public Sector Digital Services

</td><td>

After the upgrade, certain public sector menus and menu items in CSM Configurable Workspace revert to their original CSM label names. You can relabel these items for public sector use by updating the UX List Categories for Customer and Service Organizations. For more details on relabeling, navigate to **All** &gt; **Constituent Service** &gt; **Administration** &gt; **Guided Setup**, and select **Configurable Workspace for Public Sector Digital Services** &gt; **Customize Workspace Labels Manually**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

RPA Hub

</td><td>

Upgrade any of these currently installed Microsoft Software Installers \(MSIs\) by downloading the RPA applications:

-   RPA Desktop Design Studio
-   Attended Robot
-   Unattended Robot
-   Unattended Robot Login Agent

For more information, see [Download the RPA applications from RPA Hub](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=download-installer-rpa&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-integrate-applications&ft:locale=en-US).

The following upgrade information is applicable only when you’re upgrading from San Diego or Tokyo to Xanadu.

Based on the number of records in the application file table, you could experience a potential delay while upgrading the RPA Hub applications from Tokyo or earlier releases to Xanadu.

Before upgrading RPA Hub to Xanadu, you must set the value of the **glide.rollback.blacklist.TableParentChange.change** system property to **false**. If this property doesn't exist in the System Property \[sys\_properties\] table, add the property and set its value to false. For more information on how to add a property, see [Add a system property](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=r_AvailableSystemProperties&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-platform-administration&section=t_AddAPropertyUsingSysPropsList&ft:locale=en-US).

After you upgrade to Xanadu, the bot process definitions change to the new structure, which is the bot process configuration.

Although the bot process configuration doesn't replace the bot process completely, most fields are moved from the bot process to the bot process configuration. If you upgrade to Xanadu without updating the system property value, the tables don’t extend the Application File table. To update the table changes manually, see the [Restructuring RPA Hub tables to sys\_metadata in Utah and beyond release](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB1223629) article in the Now Support knowledge base.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Security Posture Control

</td><td>

For a complete list of the applications that are required to implement Security Posture Control, see [Install Security Posture Control](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=spc-install&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-security-management&ft:locale=en-US).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Service Exchange

</td><td>

-   Service Exchange 2.x.x that is being released with the Xanadu release does not support migration of the Service Exchange \(Legacy\) versions. If you are using a Service Exchange \(Legacy\) version, before you upgrade to the Xanadu release, you must follow instructions in the [Service Exchange for Providers \(Legacy\) - Migration Utility \(KB1499823\)](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB1499823) article in the Now Support Knowledge Base to migrate your configuration data.
-   If you are upgrading from version 1.x.x of Service Exchange, follow the steps listed in [Upgrade Guide - Service Exchange for Providers and Consumers application \(v2.x.x release - KB1700387\)](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB1700387) to migrate your Service Exchange applications.
-   Due to the introduction of mismatched version support, new entitlements cannot be activated until both the consumers and providers upgrade to the Xanadu release. Older active entitlements will continue to work but new ones cannot be activated.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Service Operations Workspace for ITSM

</td><td>

Ensure that the following applications have compatible upgraded versions:

-   Service Operations Workspace ITSM Applications application \(sn\_sow\_itsm\_cont\)
-   Service Operations Workspace ITOM Applications application \(sn\_sow\_itom\_cont\)

|Service Operations Workspace for ITSM \(sn\_sow\_itsm\_cont\)|Service Operations Workspace for ITOM \(sn\_sow\_itom\_cont\)|
|-------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
|1.1.x|21.0.y|
|1.2.x|21.1.y|
|1.3.x|21.2.y, 21.5.y, and 21.6.y|
|2.0.x|22.0.y|
|2.1.x|22.1.y and 22.y.y|
|3.1.x|23.y.y|
|4.x.x|24.y.y|
|5.0.x|24.2.y|
|5.1.0|25.2.0|
|6.1.1|26.0.12|

</td></tr><tr><td>

ServiceNow SDK

</td><td>

Upgrade to the latest version of the ServiceNow SDK with the `now-sdk upgrade` command. For more information, see [Upgrade the ServiceNow SDK](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=upgrade-servicenow-sdk&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-application-development&ft:locale=en-US).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Skills Management

</td><td>

The skills dashboard is automatically migrated to the [Next Experience UI](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=next-experience-landing-page&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-platform-user-interface&ft:locale=en-US) in the Xanadu release. When you upgrade, you can automatically access the Skills dashboard in the [Next Experience UI](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=next-experience-landing-page&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-platform-user-interface&ft:locale=en-US).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Software Asset Management

</td><td>

After upgrading to the Microsoft Entra ID spoke 4.3 version, the **Microsoft Azure AD - Download Group Membership** directory job isn't executed for existing Microsoft Azure AD SSO or Directory integrations. This directory job also isn't created for new Microsoft Azure AD SSO or Directory integrations. Instead, the **Microsoft Azure AD - Download Groups** directory job downloads all groups and group memberships configured on Microsoft Azure AD.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Strategic Planning

</td><td>

After upgrading to Strategic Planning v4.3.2, run the **Migrate BreakdownInterval To Checkinfrequency** scheduled job. This scheduled job migrates the existing values in the **Review frequency** and **Breakdown interval** fields to the **Check-in frequency** field in the target records. For more information on how these values are migrated for targets with different values, see [Target breakdowns migration](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=target-breakdowns-migration-spw&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-it-business-management&ft:locale=en-US).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Subscription Management

</td><td>

Subscription Management version 3.2 is active by default on all instances of the Xanadu release. Update to Subscription Management version 4.0 or later to use the latest features. For more information about updating Subscription Management, see [Update an application or plugin](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/access?context=update-application-app-mgr&version=xanadu&pubname=xanadu-platform-administration&ft:locale=en-US).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Telecommunications Network Inventory

</td><td>

If you are an existing user of previous releases, both legacy and new product models will be available in the Network Inventory Workspace menu after upgrading to Xanadu. To rectify this issue, you must migrate your legacy product model data to the new product model tables in your current instance. For more details about the procedure, see [KB1695167](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB1695167).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Third-party Risk Management

</td><td>

If you are a VRM user upgrading to TPRM, when upgrading to Vancouver or later from an earlier release, you must run each upgrade sequentially to ensure that fix scripts run correctly. This means upgrading from Utah to Vancouver, Vancouver to Washington DC, and so on. If the scripts do not run in the correct order, it can result in data inconsistencies, broken functionalities, and conflicts.

For more information on upgrading from VRM to TPRM, see [Third-party Risk Management upgrade information](../governance-risk-compliance/grc-tprm-upgrade-info.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Vulnerability Response Integration with Claroty CTD

</td><td>

Claroty CTD v5.1 is also supported for the Vulnerability Response Integration with Claroty CTD application.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Vulnerability Response integrations

</td><td>

-   For more information about the released versions of the Vulnerability Response application as well as the third-party and ServiceNow applications that are compatible with the Xanadu release, see the [Vulnerability Response Compatibility Matrix and Release Schema Changes \[KB0856498\]](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0856498) article in the Now Support Knowledge Base.
-   For information about the new features of Vulnerability Response, see [Vulnerability Response release notes](../security-operations/secops-vuln-resp-rn.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Workflow Studio

</td><td>

As of Washington DC patch 3, updating Workflow Studio automatically updates all of its application dependencies such as ServiceNow® Workflow Studio, Playbook, and ServiceNow® Decision Builder. You can no longer see or update the individual application dependencies of Workflow Studio from the ServiceNow® Store or the list of plugins.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>**Parent Topic:**[Release notes summaries for Xanadu features](../release-notes-summaries.md)

