---
title: Chart options in KPI Details
description: The KPI Details Chart options menu enables you to show, hide, or change aspects of an indicator visualization. Selected chart options persist per user for each indicator. Chart options are divided into analysis, time series, and chart type options.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/now-intelligence/chart-options.html
release: australia
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 5
breadcrumb: [Examining indicators, KPI Details, Platform Analytics experience, Platform Analytics]
---

# Chart options in KPI Details

The KPI Details **Chart options** menu enables you to show, hide, or change aspects of an indicator visualization. Selected chart options persist per user for each indicator. Chart options are divided into analysis, time series, and chart type options.

## Analysis options

**Note:** For native Data snapshots indicators, only targets, thresholds, and labels are supported. For classic indicators with Data snapshots enabled, all Analysis options except Comments are supported, unless scores are aggregated on multiple elements. Indicators with scores aggregated on multiple elements do not support targets, thresholds, or comments.

-   **Targets**

    Targets are the desired scores for the indicator. Select to show [indicator targets](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/now-intelligence/kpi-details-targets.md) on the visualization. If no targets are configured on the indicator, this option is not available.

-   **Thresholds**

    Thresholds define a normal range of scores for an indicator. Select to show [indicator thresholds](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/now-intelligence/add-mod-pers-tar-thresh-kpi-details.md) on the visualization. If no thresholds are configured on the indicator, this option is not available.

-   **Forecast**

    Forecasts enable you to forecast future scores based on existing trends. To configure forecasts, see [Performance Analytics scores forecasts](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/now-intelligence/performance-analytics/c_ForecastingData.md). If forecasts are not configured on the indicator, this chart option is not available.

-   **Trend**

    Shows the linear trend in score values over the selected time period. Trends are not available for indicators that are filtered on multiple elements.

-   **Comments**

    Select to show comments added to the indicator in the Analytics Hub or generated by system calculations. System calculations include notifications for breaching thresholds.

-   **Labels**

    Labels show the main time series values of the indicator. Labels are not shown for derived time series lines such as targets and thresholds.

-   **Statistics**

    Activate to display a set of statistics for the indicator over the selected date range. For details, see the Statistics section of this topic.


## Statistics

\[Omitted image "kpi-details-statistics.png"\] Alt text: Statistics panel in the chart of KPI Details.

When the Statistics chart option is activated, KPI Details shows the following statistics, across the date range that the chart shows:

-   **No. of scores**

    The number of indicator scores in the selected time range.

-   **Max**

    The highest, or maximum, score value in the selected time range.

-   **Min**

    The lowest, or minimum, score value in the selected time range.

-   **Sum**

    The sum of scores in the selected time range.

-   **Avg**

    The average score in the selected time range, calculated by dividing the sum by the number of scores. The average is preferable to the median when you have a normal distribution of scores with no or few outliers.

-   **Median**

    The middle number in the distribution of scores. Half the scores are higher than this number and half the scores are lower. The median is preferable to the average when the scores include one or more outliers, such as 130 in the series 2,3,3,5,7,130. If there is a large difference between the average and the median, the median is probably the more meaningful statistic.

-   **Change**

    The difference between the last score and the first score in the selected time range.

-   **Change %**

    The difference between the last score and the first score in the selected time range, as a percentage of the first score.

-   **Standard deviation**

    The amount of variation from the average value among the scores in the selected time range. A low standard deviation means that the scores are close to the average. KPI Details calculates the sample standard deviation, not the population standard deviation.


Not all statistics are applicable to every indicator. On the indicator record, you can exclude those statistics that do not apply from appearing in either KPI Details or the Analytics Hub. For example, you can exclude the Change % statistic from appearing for indicators whose unit is percentage. For more information, see [Advanced indicator settings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/now-intelligence/performance-analytics/t_CreateAnAutomatedIndicator.md).

## Time series options

The time series options set the kind of measurements that the chart displays. All measurements can be shown together.

**Note:** Native Data snapshots indicators support only Score time series.

-   Score \(default\)
-   Change
-   Change %

## Chart type options

Select from the following chart visualizations:

-   Line \(default\). Useful for tracking change over time and seeing differences in indicator scores.

    \[Omitted image "kpi-details-line.png"\] Alt text: KPI Details line chart

-   Spline. Useful to suggest smooth, gradual changes.

    \[Omitted image "kpi-details-spline.png"\] Alt text: KPI Details spline chart

-   Area. Useful to show trends over time in related breakdowns when **Display as separate time series** is selected under Filters.

    \[Omitted image "kpi-details-area.png"\] Alt text: KPI Details area chart

-   Column. Useful for comparing multiple breakdown elements when **Display as separate time series** is selected under Filters.

    \[Omitted image "kpi-details-column.png"\] Alt text: KPI Details column chart


**Parent Topic:**[Examining indicators with KPI Details](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/now-intelligence/kpi-details-components.md)

**Related topics**  


[View contributing indicators to a formula in KPI Details]()

[Show, compare, create, and edit records in KPI Details]()

[Select time aggregation in KPI Details]()

[Configure trend for a native Data snapshots indicator in KPI Details]()

[Configure display properties for a Data snapshots indicator]()

[Filter indicator scores by breakdown elements in KPI Details]()

[Filter native Data snapshots indicator scores in KPI Details]()

[Access indicator record or scoresheet from KPI Details]()

