---
title: Xanadu Telecommunications, Media, and Technology
locale: en-US
release: xanadu
bundle: telmt
doc_type: toc
---

# Xanadu Telecommunications, Media, and Technology

- [Telecommunications, Media, and Technology](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/telecom-media-tech-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecommunications, Media, and Technology product suite brings together customer care, operations, order management, and partner ecosystems so that service providers can scale their business to capitalize on the fast-growing “everything-as-a-service" opportunity.
  - [Key applications for telecommunications, media, and technology service providers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/key-tmt-workflows.md) -- The following applications are key for ServiceNow telecommunications,media, and technology (TMT) service providers.
    - [Customer case management for TMT](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/key-tmt-workflows.md) -- The following applications are key for ServiceNow telecommunications,media, and technology (TMT) service providers.
    - [Customer account management and onboarding for TMT](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/key-tmt-workflows.md) -- The following applications are key for ServiceNow telecommunications,media, and technology (TMT) service providers.
    - [Multiple instance integration with Service Exchange for TMT](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/key-tmt-workflows.md) -- The following applications are key for ServiceNow telecommunications,media, and technology (TMT) service providers.
    - [Logical and physical network configuration and monitoring for TMT](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/key-tmt-workflows.md) -- The following applications are key for ServiceNow telecommunications,media, and technology (TMT) service providers.
    - [Sales and order fulfillment for TMT](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/key-tmt-workflows.md) -- The following applications are key for ServiceNow telecommunications,media, and technology (TMT) service providers.
    - [Proactive service experience workflows management for TMT](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/key-tmt-workflows.md) -- The following applications are key for ServiceNow telecommunications,media, and technology (TMT) service providers.
  - [Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-spmc.md) -- Use the ServiceNow Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) application to summarize service problem cases, generate the case resolution notes, and summarize tests. You can enable your agents to understand the service problem case context and test results so that they can propose quicker resolutions to your customers.
    - [Exploring Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-exploring.md) -- With the Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) application, your agents can use generative AI to summarize the service problem case details to create the context of the case faster. In addition, this application will collect case information (for case summarization). Your agents can also generate the case resolution notes to share with the other agents and it can help wrap up cases faster.
      - [Supporting information for Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-supporting-info.md) -- Get a quick overview of the important information that is related to the Now Assist for Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT).
    - [Configuring Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-configuring.md) -- Configure the Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) application so that your agents can use the generative AI skills in the CSM/FSM Configurable Workspace and in Core UI.
      - [Skill inputs for Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-skill-inputs.md) -- Use inputs for each skill to configure how and when a skill is used.
      - [Banners in Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-banners.md) -- Banners display information about generative AI skills and the form fields that are generated or predicted by those skills.
    - [Using agentic workflows in Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/using-aiagents-usecases.md) -- Use the TMT AI agent collection to complete tasks autonomously.
      - [Test and repair telecom service issues](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/service-problem-testing-repair-tmt.md) -- Use the Test and repair telecom service issues agentic workflow to resolve broadband and internet issues.
      - [Customer success agentic workflows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-health-risk.md) -- The customer success health and risk agentic workflows are used to collect health data, monitor the health score, analyze risks, and provide potential solutions.
        - [Monitor engagement health agentic workflow](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-monitor-health.md) -- Use the Monitor engagement health agentic workflow to monitor the health score of engagements and their associated metric data trends, and generate risk signals when a decline is detected.
        - [Analyze risks and recommend solutions agentic workflow](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-resolve-risk.md) -- Use the Analyze risk and recommend solutions agentic workflow to monitor and mitigate risks in customer engagements with minimal user intervention.
    - [Using Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-spm-using.md) -- If you have an agent role, you can summarize the service problem case details, generate the case resolution notes, and summarize the tests with the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Summarize a service problem case using Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-case.md) -- Generate a summary from the fields that you selected on the service problem case record. Quickly understand the case context by using the service problem case summarization skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Generate the resolution notes for a service problem case using Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-generate-resolution.md) -- Generate the resolution notes for a service problem case by using the resolution notes generation skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.
      - [Summarize test for a service problem case using Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-summarize-test.md) -- Generate the test run summary for a service problem case record to quickly understand the context of test outcomes and the root cause of the problem.
      - [Request the generative AI capabilities in TMT using the Now Assist panel](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/request-genai-in-tmt.md) -- Request the contextual generative AI capabilities by using the conversational interface in the Now Assist panel. These capabilities include service problem case summary or resolution notes in the TMT application.
  - [Field Service Management for Telecommunications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/field-service-management-for-telecommunications/field-service-management-telecommunications.md) -- The ServiceNow Field Service Management for Telecommunication (FSMT) application enables you to manage the field service workflow for the Telecom customers. Use this application to streamline the appointment booking, service delivery, and assurance processes.
    - [Managing the appointments for telecommunication services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/xanadu/markdown/telecom-media-technology/field-service-management-for-telecommunications/manage-appointment-telecommunication-service.md) -- Manage the appointments for the field services to enable the installation, activation, and site assessments that are needed for connectivity services.
