---
title: Spendint API - POST /sn\_spend\_intg/spendint/orderack
description: Updates order information for when a user shops for a product from a third-party catalog. When the user checks out, a purchase line is created so that approvals or other tasks for the purchase can be completed.
locale: en-US
release: yokohama
product: Sourcing and Procurement Operations
classification: sourcing-and-procurement-operations
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2025-01-30"
reading_time_minutes: 4
breadcrumb: [Spendint API, Integrating Sourcing and Procurement Operations with other applications, Sourcing and Procurement Operations, Finance and Supply Chain]
---

# Spendint API - POST /sn\_spend\_intg/spendint/orderack

Updates order information for when a user shops for a product from a third-party catalog. When the user checks out, a purchase line is created so that approvals or other tasks for the purchase can be completed.

When a purchase order is generated in the ServiceNow database, the order is pushed into the following tables:

-   Outbound Order: Contains the order header.
-   Outbound Order Line: Contains the order lines.

Suppliers need to query these tables and fetch the orders that are pending against them. Suppliers should create a scoped app for Workflow Studio actions for integrating with the ServiceNow database.

Query the tables with the following parameters:

-   `sysparm_query=supplier_id=<supplier_id>^purchase_order.status=20 for header`
-   `sysparm_query=purchase_order.supplier_id=<supplier_id>^purchase_order.status=20 for header`

When a purchase line is converted to a purchase order line, the following processes are run:

1.  The purchase order and purchase order line are submitted to the Enterprise Resource Planning \(ERP\), if applicable.
2.  The purchase order and purchase order line are transferred through integration to the third party with the customer ID, supplier ID, purchase order number, order date, purchase order amount, purchase order amount currency, and purchase order lines.
3.  The purchase order and purchase order line remain in the Pending Submission state until confirmation messages are received by both the third-party catalog integration and the ERP. After confirmation is received, the state is updated to Ordered. If there is no ERP integration involved, a confirmation message is required only from the third-party integration.

## Status tables

To know the status of the order acknowledgment request, make a REST call into the ServiceNow database using the Table REST API. The response from the API lists the records where the order acknowledgment request failed. For an order acknowledgment response, query the Order Acknowledgment Error table with the following parameter:

`sysparm_query=outbound_error.supplier_id=<supplier_id>^outbound_error.state=20`

The details on the customer ID, supplier ID, error type, unique import set ID, and state can be found in the Outbound Status table, which is the parent error table.

## URL format

`/api/sn_spend_intg/spendint/orderack`

## Supported request parameters

|Name|Description|
|----|-----------|
|None| |

<table id="table_sd3_lck_ymb" class="rest_api_query_parameters"><thead><tr><th>

Name

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

mode

</td><td>

Support for asynchronous and synchronous modes for third-party integration.Data type: String

 Valid values:

-   async: Asynchronous mode.
-   sync: Synchronous mode.

 Default: async

</td></tr></tbody>
</table><table class="rest_api_request_body"><thead><tr><th>

Name

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

customer\_id

</td><td>

Required. Identifier for the customer.Data type: String

 Maximum length: 100

</td></tr><tr><td>

order\_number

</td><td>

Required. Purchase order number provided by the customer for this order.Data type: String

 Maximum length: 40

</td></tr><tr><td>

sales\_order\_lines

</td><td>

List of objects that define the sales order lines with unique updates for the purchases in this order.Data type: Array

 ```
"sales_order_lines":[
  {
    "estimated_arrival_date": "String",
    "line_number": "String",
    "sales_order_line_number": "String"
  }
]
```

</td></tr><tr><td>

sales\_order\_lines.estimated\_arrival\_date

</td><td>

Estimated arrival date of the order.Data type: String

 Maximum length: 40

 Format: YYYY-MM-DD

</td></tr><tr><td>

sales\_order\_lines.line\_number

</td><td>

Required. Purchase order line number that was generated by the customer for a particular purchase.Data type: String

 Maximum length: 40

</td></tr><tr><td>

sales\_order\_lines.sales\_order\_line\_number

</td><td>

Sales order line number that was generated by the supplier. This number is required only for revisions to this purchase.Data type: String

 Maximum length: 40

</td></tr><tr><td>

sales\_order\_number

</td><td>

Number or value that is generated by the supplier for this order.Data type: String

 Maximum length: 40

</td></tr><tr><td>

status\_code

</td><td>

Required. Status of the submitted order that confirms if the order was successfully placed.Data type: String

 Valid values:

-   confirmed: Order placed successfully.
-   rejected: Order not placed.

</td></tr><tr><td>

status\_message

</td><td>

Message that is attached to a status code. For example, the message could be that the order was successfully placed and is on back order.Data type: String

 Maximum length: 1000

</td></tr><tr><td>

supplier\_id

</td><td>

Required. Identifier for the reseller or supplier that the customer can place orders with.Data type: String

 Maximum length: 100

</td></tr><tr><td>

third\_party\_import\_id

</td><td>

Identifier that enables a third party to pass a string value to uniquely identify a set of imported data.Data type: String

 Maximum length: 100

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Headers

The following request and response headers apply to this HTTP action only or apply to this action in a distinct way.

<table class="rest_api_request_headers"><thead><tr><th>

Header

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Accept

</td><td id="accept-entry-RESTAPI">

Data format of the response body. Supported types: **application/json** or **application/xml**. Default: **application/json**

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>**Note:** Only the **application/json** data format is supported for Procurement Integration Framework.

|Header|Description|
|------|-----------|
|None| |

## Status codes

The following status codes apply to this HTTP action.

|Status code|Description|
|-----------|-----------|
|success|Successful. The request was successfully processed.|
|failure|Unsuccessful. The request was processed with errors.|

## Response body parameters \(JSON\)

These response body parameters are received when queried in synchronous mode.

<table id="table_dq5_1hk_ymb"><thead><tr><th>

Name

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

error\_response\_body

</td><td>

Description of the errors, listed by the sales order number, sales order line number, and the error message.Data type: Array

</td></tr><tr><td>

error\_response\_body.error\_message

</td><td>

Detailed error message.Data type: String

</td></tr><tr><td>

status\_code

</td><td>

Response status such as "success" or "failure."Data type: String

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## cURL request

```
curl "https://instance.service-now.com/api/sn_spend_intg/spendint/orderack" \
--request POST \
--header "Accept:application/json" \
--user 'username':'password'
{"root":[{
  "customer_id": "ACME CORP",
  "supplier_id": "SUP-123456",
  "third_party_import_id": "undefined",
  "order_number": "PO08903323",
  "sales_order_number": "SO03323212",
  "status_code": "CONFIRMED",
  "status_message": "BACKORDERED",
  "sales_order_lines":[
    {
      "line_number": "POL6789876",
      "sales_order_line_number": "SOL5678909",
      "estimated_arrival_date": "YYYY-MM-DD"
    }
  ]
}
]}

```

Possible responses:

```
// Success response:
{
    "result": {
        "response": "success"
    }
}

// Error response:
{
    "result": {
        "response": [
            {
                "customer_id": "ACME CORP",
                "supplier_id": "SUP-123456",
                "third_party_import_id": "undefined",
                "status_code": "failure",
                "error_response_body": [
                    {
                        "sales_order_number": "SO03323212",
                        "sales_order_line_number": "SOL5678909",
                        "error_message": "Field Value empty/Formatting issue Purchase order number\nField Value empty/Formatting issue Purchase order line number\n"
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

**Parent Topic:**[Spendint API](../concept/spendint-api.md)

