---
title: Using Now Assist for IT Operations Management \(ITOM\)
description: As an Event Management user, you can use the ServiceNow Now Assist for ITOM application to view alert analyses that Now Assist creates using generative AI.
locale: en-US
release: xanadu
product: Now Assist for IT Operations Management
classification: now-assist-for-it-operations-management
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2024-08-01"
reading_time_minutes: 2
keywords: [generative AI for IT Operations Management, generative AI for ITOM, alert analysis]
breadcrumb: [Now Assist for IT Operations Management \(ITOM\), IT Operations Management]
---

# Using Now Assist for IT Operations Management \(ITOM\)

As an Event Management user, you can use the ServiceNow® Now Assist for ITOM application to view alert analyses that Now Assist creates using generative AI.

Alert analyses include human-readable briefs of the alert and additional technical information to help you investigate the alert more effectively. The analyses are provided in English, irrespective of the language used in the alert description.

For more information about the ServiceNow® Now Assist for IT Operations Management \(ITOM\) application, see [Now Assist for IT Operations Management \(ITOM\)](now-assist-itom.md).

-   **[View an alert analysis by Now Assist in Service Operations Workspace](../task/alert-summarization-now-assist.md)**  
View an alert analysis by Now Assist for an alert on the alert's Overview tab in the Service Operations Workspace. Alert analyses include a human-readable brief of the alert and technical information to help you investigate the alert more effectively.
-   **[View an alert analysis by Now Assist in Express List](../task/alert-summary-now-assist-express-list.md)**  
View an alert analysis created by ServiceNow® Now Assist using generative AI. Alert analyses include a human-readable brief of the alert and technical information to help you investigate the alert more effectively.
-   **[View an alert group analysis by Now Assist in Express List](../task/alert-group-analysis-el.md)**  
View an alert group analysis created by ServiceNow® Now Assist using generative AI. The analysis offers a simplified, human-readable description of the alert group and technical information to help you investigate it more efficiently.
-   **[Save the alert analysis summary by Now Assist as alert group description in Express List](../task/alert-group-descr-now-assist-el.md)**  
Save the human-readable summary generated by Now Assist in the Alert analysis as the description of an alert group.
-   **[Generate an alert group description in Express List using Now Assist](../task/alert-group-descr-generate-el.md)**  
Use Now Assist to generate a description of an alert group in Express List that encompasses all the alerts within the group. The generated description replaces the original description of the group.
-   **[Launch an alert analysis from the Now Assist panel](../../service-operations-workspace-itom/task/alert-analysis-now-assist-panel.md)**  
Initiate an alert analysis from the Now Assist panel. The alert analysis displays directly in the Now Assist panel for convenient review.
-   **[Create an incident from an alert with Now Assist in Express List](../task/create-incident-now-assist-el.md)**  
Create an incident with a human-readable, AI-generated description from the Express List pane by using Now Assist.
-   **[Speed up alert resolution with a Now Assist analysis of past related incidents](nai-past-incidents.md)**  
Use Now Assist to investigate past incidents on the same or related Configuration Items \(CIs\) and present effective strategies used to resolve them.

**Parent Topic:**[Now Assist for IT Operations Management \(ITOM\)](now-assist-itom.md)

