---
title: Application service maps in classic Service Mapping
description: Maps offer you a visualization of data on configuration items \(CIs\) comprising application services, and relations and connections between these CIs.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/it-operations-management/service-mapping/c\_UndestandMaps.html
release: australia
product: Service Mapping
classification: service-mapping
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 5
breadcrumb: [Application service analysis and maintenance using classic Service Mapping, Application service mapping using classic Service Mapping, Using Service Mapping, Service Mapping, ITOM Visibility, IT Operations Management]
---

# Application service maps in classic Service Mapping

Maps offer you a visualization of data on configuration items \(CIs\) comprising application services, and relations and connections between these CIs.

A new map is created every time you manually create an application service or map an application service using Service Mapping. The system updates the map every time you add CIs to the application service or when Service Mapping runs discovery for CIs belonging to this application service.

**Note:**

Information and actions available on a map depend on your role:

-   As a Service user \[app\_service\_user\] or Service Mapping user \[service\_mapping\_user\], you can view the map in the View mode.
-   As a Service administrator \[app\_service\_admin\] or Service Mapping administrator \[service\_mapping\_admin\], you can view application services in View mode and modify discovered and manually created services in Edit mode.

    **Important:** You cannot fine-tune or edit tag-based and dynamic services from the map.

-   As a Service Mapping administrator \[service\_mapping\_admin\], you can view discovery messages and errors generated by Service Mapping and modify services in the Edit mode. You can also reload the map to ensure the map reflects the latest information.
-   As a Service owner \[sm\_app\_owner\] role, you can review, provide feedback, and approve services discovered using Service Mapping in the View mode.

    **Note:** The review and approval process is available only for discovered and manually created service instances.


Also, actions and information related to automatic discovery using Service Mapping are not available for CIs that Service Mapping cannot discover. For example, you do not see the tab for Discovery Messages for a manually created service instance that Service Mapping does not discover.

## Map window

Aside from the map itself, the map window also displays the Properties pane and tabs with additional information.

\[Omitted image "MapOverview.png"\] Alt text: Service Mapping Map window

You can navigate to a different application service map directly from this window by selecting it from the list.

\[Omitted image "MapDisplayBSFromList.png"\] Alt text: Select the required application service from the list.

By default, the entire map is shown in the center of the visible map area of the window. You can zoom in and out as well as position the map depending on which segment of the map you must see using these controls:

\[Omitted image "MapZoomNavigation.png"\] Alt text: Control zoom and positioning of your map.

You can also click anywhere in the map area and drag the required segment of the map into the visible area.

You can view changes made to an service instance as a whole and to individual CIs belonging to a service by choosing a time range. For more information, see [View the change history of application services in classic Service Mapping](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/service-mapping/t_ViewCIChanges.md).

## Map elements and their appearance

Every map consists of icons representing CIs and arrows that represent the connections between them.

\[Omitted image "Map2CIsNConnector.png"\] Alt text: Two CIs with a connection line between them.

Some map elements can contain other elements such as in the case of application clusters. On the map, application clusters appear as a stack of CIs with the plus \(+\) symbol next to it. The cluster label shows the number of CIs in this cluster with the multiplication sign.

\[Omitted image "MapClusterAppCluster.png"\] Alt text: The graphic shows a cluster of the application cluster type.

When the CI has inclusions, the CI icon has the plus \(+\) symbol next to it and shows the contained application when you expand it.

\[Omitted image "MapClusterInclusion.png"\] Alt text: The graphic shows a cluster of the inclusion type.

An OS cluster appears as a CI with the plus \(+\) symbol and the number of CIs in this cluster.

\[Omitted image "MapClustersOSClusters.png"\] Alt text: The graphic shows an OS cluster element.

## CI attributes and CI-related messages

When a map is loaded and no elements are selected, the Properties pane shows the details of this service instance.

A selected device, application, or connector appears in blue and is highlighted. Information about the selected map element is displayed in the Properties pane on the right of the map. The Properties pane contains the links to the Detailed Properties page.

\[Omitted image "MapSelectedConnectionProperties.png"\] Alt text: The Properties pane shows attributes for connections and CIs.

The attributes for the server hosting applications and applications themselves are shown separately inside the Properties pane.

\[Omitted image "AppServerProperties.gif"\] Alt text: The Properties pane shows attributes for hosts and applications separately.

If there is any information related to the selected CI or connection, it is highlighted on the tab at the bottom of the window.

\[Omitted image "MapChangesTabSelectCI.png"\] Alt text: Select a CI to display information related to it.

When you select information on a tab at the bottom of the map window, the related CI displays in yellow.

\[Omitted image "MapChangesTabSelectRecord.png"\] Alt text: Selecting message marks the related CI yellow.

## Map indicators

You can show additional information for a CI or service instance itself by displaying its related records such as alerts, outages, incidents, and problems. If you enable this feature, record indicators appear next to relevant CIs and next to the service instance name. Records themselves are displayed on the tabs at the bottom of the map window.

\[Omitted image "MapBSIndicatorsRecord.png"\] Alt text: Indicators for application service and a problem record

## Map views

Customize a map view to exclude irrelevant information and increase clarity, as described in [Modify view for an application service map](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/service-mapping/modify-map-view.md).

To open this service instance in Event Management and view alerts on CIs that are part of the service instance, click **Monitor Service** at the top of the window.

\[Omitted image "map-monitor-service-button.png"\] Alt text: Monitor Service button for opening the application service in Event Management.

**Parent Topic:**[Application service analysis and maintenance using classic Service Mapping](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/service-mapping/c_SvcPlanningAndAnalysisUsingMaps.md)

**Related topics**  


[Service instances \(Application services\)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/servicenow-platform/application-services.md)

[View CI attributes in an application service map in classic Service Mapping](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/service-mapping/t_ViewCIDetails.md)

[Modify display for CI attributes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/service-mapping/t_ConfigurePropertyDisplay.md)

[Modify view for an application service map](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/service-mapping/modify-map-view.md)

[View an alert impact on CIs in a service map](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/event-management/t_EMViewTopology.md)

