---
title: Configure RCC alerts
description: Configure Root Cause Correlation \(RCC\) alerts based on a root cause analysis performed by Instance Observer RCC.
locale: en-US
release: yokohama
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-01-30"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Root Cause Correlation, Alerts in Instance Observer, Impact Instance Observer, Platform Health, Impact Delivery Instance \(formerly Impact Digital Experience\), Impact]
---

# Configure RCC alerts

Configure Root Cause Correlation \(RCC\) alerts based on a root cause analysis performed by Instance Observer RCC.

## Before you begin

Role required: admin

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **Impact** &gt; **Platform Health** &gt; **Monitor** &gt; **Instance Observer**.

2.  From the **Alerts** menu, select **Alerts Console**.

3.  Select a production instance.

4.  Select **Get Snapshot**.

    Information for the alerts are listed in the table.

5.  Select the reporting options:

    -   Instance
    -   Date range
    -   Metrics
    -   Options:
        -   Self Service Alerts
        -   Diagnostic Events
    -   Add-ons
6.  Fine tune the alerts using the listed options.

    -   For example, set a threshold that triggers an alert if the transaction count anomalies persist for more than 10 minutes, or exceeds a certain number of standard deviations from the mean continuously for more than 10 minutes above or below the range, respectively. Job anomalies target top X % of anomalous jobs based on the execution time and track the details of those jobs.
    -   Test and fine tune the alerting by simulating persistence time, choose the window of an anomaly 5, 10, 15 minutes, and so on, or select the top 5, 10, or 15 percentage of jobs and verify that alerts are triggered correctly. Adjust the alert threshold, if necessary, to ensure the system provides meaningful and actionable alerts.
    -   Choose the appropriate method for sending alerts based on your requirements. This can include email notifications, SMS messages or integration.
    -   Continuously monitor the alerts generated by the system. Regularly review the anomalies detected to understand the underlying causes and take appropriate actions, such as investigating potential issues or performing further analysis.

